What is the step by step guide to invest in share market in india? ; What is the step by step guide to invest in share market?What is the story of Kohinoor (Koh-i-Noor) Diamond? ; What would happen if the Indian government stole the Kohinoor (Koh-i-Noor) diamond back?How can I increase the speed of my internet connection while using a VPN? ; How can Internet speed be increased by hacking through DNS?Why am I mentally very lonely? How can I solve it? ; Find the remainder when [math]23^{24}[/math] is divided by 24,23?Which one dissolve in water quikly sugar, salt, methane and carbon di oxide? ; Which fish would survive in salt water?Astrology: I am a Capricorn Sun Cap moon and cap rising...what does that say about me? ; I'm a triple Capricorn (Sun, Moon and ascendant in Capricorn) What does this say about me?Should I buy tiago? ; What keeps childern active and far from phone and video games?How can I be a good geologist? ; What should I do to be a great geologist?When do you use シ instead of し? ; When do you use "&" instead of "and"?Motorola (company): Can I hack my Charter Motorolla DCX3400? ; How do I hack Motorola DCX3400 for free internet?Method to find separation of slits using fresnel biprism? ; What are some of the things technicians can tell about the durability and reliability of Laptops and its components?How do I read and find my YouTube comments? ; How can I see all my Youtube comments?What can make Physics easy to learn? ; How can you make physics easy to learn?What was your first sexual experience like? ; What was your first sexual experience?What are the laws to change your status from a student visa to a green card in the US, how do they compare to the immigration laws in Canada? ; What are the laws to change your status from a student visa to a green card in the US? How do they compare to the immigration laws in Japan?What would a Trump presidency mean for current international master’s students on an F1 visa? ; How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?What does manipulation mean? ; What does manipulation means?Why do girls want to be friends with the guy they reject? ; How do guys feel after rejecting a girl?Why are so many Quora users posting questions that are readily answered on Google? ; Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?Which is the best digital marketing institution in banglore? ; Which is the best digital marketing institute in Pune?Why do rockets look white? ; Why are rockets and boosters painted white?What's causing someone to be jealous? ; What can I do to avoid being jealous of someone?What are the questions should not ask on Quora? ; Which question should I ask on Quora?How much is 30 kV in HP? ; Where can I find a conversion chart for CC to horsepower?What does it mean that every time I look at the clock the numbers are the same? ; How many times a day do a clock’s hands overlap?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Medicines? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Foundation Medicine?What is web application? ; What is the web application framework?Does society place too much importance on sports? ; How do sports contribute to the society?What is best way to make money online? ; What is best way to ask for money online?How should I prepare for CA final law? ; How one should know that he/she completely prepare for CA final exam?What's one thing you would like to do better? ; What's one thing you do despite knowing better?What are some special cares for someone with a nose that gets stuffy during the night? ; How can I keep my nose from getting stuffy at night?What Game of Thrones villain would be the most likely to give you mercy? ; What Game of Thrones villain would you most like to be at the mercy of?Does the United States government still blacklist (employment, etc.) some United States citizens because their political views? ; How is the average speed of gas molecules determined?What is the best travel website in spain? ; What is the best travel website?Why do some people think Obama will try to take their guns away? ; Has there been a gun control initiative to take away guns people already own?I'm a 19-year-old. How can I improve my skills or what should I do to become an entrepreneur in the next few years? ; I am a 19 year old guy. How can I become a billionaire in the next 10 years?When a girlfriend asks her boyfriend "Why did you choose me? What makes you want to be with me?", what should one reply to her? ; My girlfriend said that we should end this because she is confused about her feelings for me. I wished her well and disconnected. Should I call her and ask her if she wants to get back together?How do we prepare for UPSC? ; How do I prepare for civil service?What is the stall speed and AOA of an f-14 with wings fully swept back? ; Why did aircraft stop using variable-sweep wings, like those on an F-14?Why do Slavs squat? ; Will squats make my legs thicker?When can I expect my Cognizant confirmation mail? ; When can I expect Cognizant confirmation mail?Can I make 50,000 a month by day trading? ; Can I make 30,000 a month by day trading?Is being a good kid and not being a rebel worth it in the long run? ; Is being bored good for a kid?What universities does Rexnord recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does B&G Foods recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?What is the quickest way to increase Instagram followers? ; How can we increase our number of Instagram followers?How did Darth Vader fought Darth Maul in Star Wars Legends? ; Does Quora have a character limit for profile descriptions?What are the stages of breaking up between couple? I mean, what happens after the breaking up emotionally whether its a male or female? ; Who is affected more by a breakup, the boy or the girl?What are some examples of products that can be make from crude oil? ; What are some of the products made from crude oil?How do I make friends. ; How to make friends ?Is Career Launcher good for RBI Grade B preparation? ; How is career launcher online program for RBI Grade B?Will a Blu Ray play on a regular DVD player? If so, how? ; How can you play a Blu Ray DVD on a regular DVD player?Nd she is always sad? ; Aerodynamically what happens when propellor rotates?What is the best/most memorable thing you've ever eaten and why? ; What is the most delicious dish you've ever eaten and why?How GST affects the CAs and tax officers? ; Why can't I do my homework?How difficult is it get into RSI? ; Do you apply for programs like RSI when you're a rising senior?Who is israil friend? ; Is my boyfriend lying about his true feelings for his friend and is he secretly attracted to her?What are some good rap songs to dance to? ; What are some of the best rap songs?I was suddenly logged off Gmail. I can't remember my Gmail password and just realized the recovery email is no longer alive. What can I do? ; I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?What are the best ways to learn French? ; How do I learn french genders?How do I download content from a kickass torrent without registration? ; Is Kickass Torrents trustworthy?Is it normal to have a dark ring around the iris of my eye? ; What causes a dark ring around the iris? How should it be treated?How is the new Harry Potter book 'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child'? ; How bad is the new book by J.K Rowling?Why do I always get depressed? ; Why do I always get depressed in the evening?Where can I find a European family office database? ; Where do I find a U.S. family office database?What is Java programming? How To Learn Java Programming Language ? ; How do I learn a computer language like java?What is the best book ever made? ; What is the most important book you have ever read?Can we ever store energy produced in lightning? ; Is it possible to store the energy of lightning?What is your review of Performance Testing? ; What is performance testing?At what cost does so much privacy as in Germany come? What else is lost to gain so much privacy? ; Are there any people who genuinely enjoy salad with no dressing?What are the types of immunity? ; What are the different types of immunity in our body?What is a narcissistic personality disorder? ; What is narcissistic personality disorder?How I can speak English fluently? ; How can I learn to speak English fluently?How helpful is QuickBooks' auto data recovery support phone number to recover your corrupted data files? ; What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?Who is the richest gambler of all time and how can I reach his level? ; Who is the richest gambler of all time and how can I reach his level as a gambler?If I fire a bullet backward from an aircraft going faster than the bullet; will the bullet be going backwards? ; Do bullets travel faster than the speed of sound when shot from a gun? If not, is it possible? If they do, what gun and how much devastation occurs?How do I prevent breast cancer? ; Is breast cancer preventable?How do I log out of my Gmail account on my friend's phone? ; How can I know who logged in to my Gmail account? (by telling his IP address or device name)?How can I make money through the Internet? ; What are some different ways to make money online, excluding selling things?What is purpose of life? ; What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?When will the BJP government strip all the Muslims and the Christians of the Indian citizenship and put them on boats like the Rohingya's of Burma? ; Why India does not apply the "Burma-Rohingya model" to deport illegal Bangladeshis?What is the right etiquette for wishing a Jehovah Witness happy birthday? ; How important is it to be the first person to wish someone a happy birthday?If someone wants to open a commercial FM radio station in any city of India, how much does it cost and what is the procedure? ; I want to make a travel commercial/clip video HD , For India and New Zealand. How much will it cost?Why do Swiss despise Asians? ; Why do technical employees despise sales people so much?What are some of the high salary income jobs in the field of biotechnology? ; What are some high paying jobs for a fresher with an M.Tech in biotechnology?How can I increase my height after 21 also? ; Can height increase after 25?What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Kamchatca earthquakes in 1952? ; What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Valparaiso earthquake in 1822?What is the difference between sincerity and fairness? ; What's the difference between honest and sincere?Which is the best gaming laptop under 60k INR? ; Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs 60000?What is your review of The Next Warrior: Proving Grounds - Part 9? ; What is your review of The Next Warrior: Proving Grounds - Part 5?What is the best reference book for physics class 11th? ; Which book should I choose for reference for physics and chemistry (class 11, CBSE board)?National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra: How is the social life at NITK, Surathkal? ; National Institute of Technology Karnataka (NITK) , Surathkal: To the graduating batch: What lessons would you want to give to your juniors before you leave?What are some of the best romantic movies in English? ; What is the best romantic movie you have ever seen?What causes a nightmare? ; What causes nightmares that seem real?What is abstract expressionism in painting? ; What are some of the major influences of abstract expressionism?How does 3D printing work? ; How do 3D printing work?What was it like to attend Caltech with Jeremy Ehrhardt? ; Who are some notable folks who attended Caltech?Why did harry become a horcrux? ; What is a Horcrux?What are the best associate product manager (APM) programs that someone in their early 20s can join to learn product management and have a rewarding career in the company? ; What are the general requirement to become a Product Manager or a Program Manager in a product based software company?Why is the number for Skype at 1-855-425-3768 always busy? ; How could I get Skype to work on an android 4.1.1 phone?Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects? ; Will there be a nuclear war between India and Pakistan?Did Ronald Reagan have a mannerism in his speech? ; How did Ronald Reagan react to 9/11?What were the war strategies of the Union and the Confederates during the Civil War? ; How could the Confederates have possibly defeated Union forces at Gettysburg during the American Civil War?Which is the best fiction novel of 2016? ; Which are some of the best fiction novels?Can I recover my email if I forgot the password? ; What should I do if I forgot my email password?Will the recent demonetisation results in higher GDP? If so how much? ; How demonetisation could affect the GDP of India in both short run and long run?Have you ever heard of travel hacking? ; Can WhatsApp be hacked?What's the difference between love and pity? ; What is the difference between love and pity?How competitive is the hiring process at Republic Bank? ; How competitive is the hiring process at S & T Bank?How Google helps in spam ranking adjustment of the search results? ; What is the distribution of traffic between Google organic search results? e.g. #1 vs. #2 in rankings, first page vs. second pageWhere can I watch gonulcelen with english subtitles? ; Where can I watch sarrainodu with subtitles?Is USA the most powerful country of the world? ; Why is the USA the most powerful country of the world?How do you obtain an instant ulcer pain relief? ; What is better for a low back pain: heat or ice?What do you think China food? ; How do you think of Chinese food?What does taking advantage of someone mean? ; Is it worse to take advantage of someone or be materialistic?Why do we cry when we are happy and when we are sad? ; Why do we cry?Why do some girls like to stick their their tongues out when taking pictures? ; Why do teen girls (and women in general) allow their boyfriends to take naked pictures of them in this day and (digital) age?Did you find the ending of the novel "1984" depressing? ; How do Winston and Julia differ in the novel "1984"? How are they similar?What are some mind-blowing computer tools that exist that most people don't know about? ; What are some mind-blowing technologies that exist that most people don't know about?Should the toothbrush be wet or dry before applying the toothpaste? ; What is the cheapest toothpaste?Why my question was marked as needing imrovement? ; How can I ask a question without getting marked as ‘need to improve’?What is the difference between a neutral state and a buffer state? ; If every state of the USA declared war against each other, which would win?What mineral holds the highest electrical charge? ; What mineral can hold the greatest electrical charge?What is the greatest mystery in the universe? ; What is the greatest mystery of all time?What is the alternative to machine learning? ; How do I over-sample a multi-class imbalance data set?Why does China block sanctions at the UN against the Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) chief, Masood Azhar? ; Why does China support Masood Azhar?What is the mean of future budget? ; What is the meaning of the future?Can excessive amounts of Vitamin C cause me to have a miscarriage? ; How can Vitamin C cause a miscarriage?What is it like to work in Asahi India Glass? What will be the pay scale after one or two years? ; When will we get the Call Letter after we get the Letter of Intent in Asahi India Glass recruitment?How do I access Torbox in India? ; How do I access Google.com from India?What are some yakshini mantras? ; What is a Yantra & Mantra?Was six party talks successful? ; Which course is better in NICMAR?How do I register my domain site email? ; How do you register a .an domain?Is it normal for older men to be attracted to young women? ; Why am I attracted to older men?What is the strongest structure or strongest shape under compression? ; What is the strongest Kevlar cord?Who are the Rohingya Muslims? ; Who are the Rohingya people?Does it matter whether humans are selfish or evil? ; Does it matter whether humanity is evil or not?Are exocytosis and endocytosis examples of active or passive transport? ; What are examples of passive transport in cells?How i get hair on bald head? ; If I shave my head for 2 years as am getting bald and then grew my hair, will the hair will be same as when I intially have? Or I loose more hair?What is the ideal life after retirement? ; What's life after retirement?What is our stance against Pakistan? ; What is the stance of Pakistan in the possession of weapons of mass destruction by North korea? Does it support DPRK or is it against DPRK?What are good websites for escorts? ; How do I find a good escort?Which one is better polo diesel or grand i10 petrol? ; What is the best diet for a growing decathlete?Does a black hole have mass? ; Does a black hole have a finite mass?Is Morgan Freeman correct when he says the only way to stop racism, is to stop talking about it? ; What are your views about this Morgan Freeman quote about Racism?Does Fab currently offer new employees stock options or RSUs? ; Does Uber currently offer new employees stock options or RSUs?How would you review the site Waveclues? ; Is there a good pay for reviews site out there?In how many ways can we distribute 10 identical looking pencils to 4 students so that each student gets at least one pencil? ; In how many ways 12 apples can be distributed among 4 children such that every child gets at least 2 apples?How much would it cost to hire Jerry Seinfeld for 1-2 hours? ; How much on average would it cost to video tape a 2 hour presentation?Is 7 days too late for rabies vaccine after a possible non-bite exposure? ; Can I take rabies injection after 1 day of dog bite?How many years Britain ruled India? ; What is the standard amount of time off given for an international relocation?How can I stop being afraid of working? ; How do you stop being afraid of everything?Why does Red keep the keys in OITNB? ; Why does Red keep the keys in season 4 of Orange is the New Black?At what age should someone lose their virginity? ; At what age, how, and where did you lose your virginity?How forgetful are you? ; How can I forget my wife?Could Snoke secretly be Darth Maul? ; How could Snoke be Darth Plagueis if he was killed by Emperor Palpatine?If I do not monetize YouTube videos & upload copyright content, then are there chances that Google may block my account? ; How do you upload movies on YouTube and monetize them? Is there any issue of copyrightWould you switch from Canon 6D to Leica D-LUX 109? ; What tripod should I get for my Canon 6D?What does the Quora website look like to members of Quora moderation? ; How does Quora look to a moderator?Why nobody answer my questions in Quora? ; Why is no one answering my questions in Quora?What is the funniest joke you know? ; What is the funniest joke of all time?I got job offer @ Chelmsford-Essex, London with £3764 PM pay-after tax deduction. Pls advice tentative monthly expenses for couple? & saving possible? ; If I am leaving Norway, can I pay down my mortgage with my BSU account, and then sell my apartment without having to pay back the tax deduction I got for having BSU?What are stereotypes about the United Kingdom? ; What do Americans think about the United Kingdom?How do I use Twitter as a business source? ; How can I use Twitter for business?How can I transfer money from Skrill to a PayPal account? ; How can I send money from my PayPal account to my Skrill account to withdraw?Which is the best earphone with deep bass under 1000? ; Which is the Best earphones under Rs 1000?Are government employees eligible to Sukanya Samrudi Yojana? ; Can a Government employee apply IEC?Which is correct - 'Looking forward to speak with you' or 'Look forward to speak with you'? ; Which is correct: "speak with" or "speak to"?Which are the best engineering fields? ; What is the best field of engineering?How do you make life suit you and stop life from abusing you mentally and emotionally? ; Why are emotionally abusive people in my life? Several ex boyfriends, friends, and past coworkers/bosses have been abusers. Do I attract them?What is the difference between gross salary and CTC? ; There seems to be a difference between my weekly paycheck and the yearly salary my employer agreed upon, how does that work?Which are the prospering towns in Kerala? ; Why are there so many Christians in Kerala?What is the best way to gain confidence? ; How can I speak with more clarity and confidence?Does anyone see the relation between Greek gods and Hindu gods? ; What parallelism can we draw between gods of Hindu mythology, Greek mythology, Egyptian mythology, etc.?How do I switch from Apple Music to Spotify? ; Should I switch from Spotify to Apple Music?Which is the best fixed income fund? ; What is the best fixed income fund?What is it like to live in Cologne? ; What is it like to live in Köln, Germany? Between Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, who is more successful? ; Who do you regard as the best actor, Robert De Niro or Al Pacino?Why does some people prefer small families.? ; Why do some people prefer to live with small family?Do animals kiss? ; Do animals (besides humans) kiss?How do you get deleted Instagram chats? ; How can I view deleted Instagram dms?How can I stop being addicted to love? ; How do I stop being addicted to someone?What if I hired two private eyes and ordered them to follow each other? ; Would I be able to hire two private investigators and then get them to follow each other?How do I find a startup accelerator? ; How do startup accelerators give you the funding?How can I check wifi history and access it through android phones? ; I cannot open Quora through my WiFi router. Why can I only access it through a mobile network?What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Rostov? ; What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Riyadh?What is the most creative college admissions essay you've read? ; Has any college admission officer cried in public while reading an applicant's essay?What would happen if you cover one of your eyes with an eye patch for one year, then take the patch off? ; What happens if eye medicine enters the eye?Is it possible to pursue many different things in life? ; How do I refuse to chose between different things to do in my life?Did Ben Affleck shine more than Christian Bale as Batman? ; No fanboys please, but who was the true batman, Christian Bale or Ben Affleck?Which business is good start up in Hyderabad? ; Which business is better to start in Hyderabad?How can I stop being so possessive? ; How do I stop being over possessive for a person whom I love?Who was the wife of Lord Krishna? ; Who is the father of lord Krishna?What is the best combination of courses I can take up along with CA to enhance my career? ; What courses must be taken along with CA course?How do you take a screenshot on a Mac laptop? ; How do I take a screenshot on my MacBook Pro? What are some instructions?What is the work of an executive recruiter like? ; What is it like to work with an executive recruiter?Which psychological need does 'collecting' fulfill? ; Why do people collect things?What are some must watch TV shows before you die? ; Are there any must watch TV shows?How can I become more fluent in Chinese? ; How can I become fluent in chinese?What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector? ; What will be the impact of scrapping of ₹500 and ₹1000 rupee notes on the real estate market?What is the easiest way to become a billionaire($)? ; What is the best way to become a billionaire?Are there People who are willing to give free lectures or conduct free workshop in India colleges? ; Almost two weeks in on Prozac, why do I still feel antisocial and still don't want to go to events? Why does my social behavior and mood change daily?What's the best way to start learning robotics? ; What is the best way to start robotics? Which is the best development board that I can start working on it?Why do people hate Hillary Clinton? ; What are the reasons that people dislike Hillary Clinton?Why are women who are on their periods are regarded as 'unclean' such that they are prevented in taking an actived part in rituals (Hinduism)? ; Why is it always expected that a woman should take care of housework, children and cooking (especially in Indian culture)? Are these activities the responsibility of women alone? Why do men not share equally in such work?If atheism is the lack of belief in gods, what is the term for the belief that there is no god? ; Is atheism the lack of belief in gods, or a claim that god does not exist?What is it like to be Jack Dorsey? ; What is Jack Dorsey like?What are the best quotes/lessons of the Assassin's Creed series? ; Which assassin has the best robes in Assassin's Creed?Do inkjet printers use color ink when printing black and white documents? If so, why? ; If CMYK printers create black by using colored ink and only complementing with black ink, why do shops charge more for color prints?Why is creativity important? ; Why creativity is important?If Hillary Clinton could not continue her Presidential campaign how would the Democratic Party choose a new candidate? ; If Hillary Clinton can no longer serve as the Democratic nominee how would her successor be chosen?How headphones work as an Antenna to play FM radio channels on Mobile phones? Why mobile companies doesn't install the same inbuilt Antenna on phones to be able to play FM without the headphones? ; Why don't phones have a built-in FM antenna?What are the best career growth technologies for automation engineers apart from automation tools? ; Himalayan or Duke KTM 200 for touring?What are the disadvantages of listing a company in NSE? ; What are the benefits of listing a company in NSE?How many derivatives of an object's position with respect to time have to be continuous? ; When does drawing become fun?Is the neutron star made up of? ; Is the neutron star made up of only neutrons?I got a 3.8 GPA. Is it enough to get into top universities like Harvard? ; Is a 3.8 GPA sufficient to get into a top school?What is a profitable way to trade binary options? ; What is binary options trading?How do I utilize free time to avoid depression? ; Can a person graduating from IIMs like LIK and even the new IIMs like Ranchi and Trichy ever catch up to the graduates from ABC and get a similar package?How can I learn computer security? ; How can I get started to learn information security?How do I earn from Quora? ; Can I earn money on Quora?What is my puk code? ; What's the PUK for TF64SIMC4?How can I find job in Japan? ; How can I find an IT job in Japan?What are some examples of sentences using the word "hysteria"? ; What is the best home wireless network setup and expected speeds?Will there be another billion dollar lottery Jackpot? ; When will the lottery reach the next billion dollar jackpot?How scary is it to drive on the road to Hana given all of the turns? ; Do I need a four-wheel-drive car to drive all the way on the Road to Hana?How do I create a new shell in a new terminal using C programming (Linux terminal)? ; How do I create a new Terminal and new shell in Linux using C programming?Does cognition affect perception? ; Does cognitive strain affect digestion?How TQWL is different from CKWL (Tatkal waiting list)? ; I have made a railway reservation but got it on the Tatkal waiting list. Will I get a refund if I cancel it?How can we make the world a better place to live in for the future generations? ; What can I do to make the world a better place?How many Champions are there in League of Legends? ; Who is the best LoL (League of Legends) champion?Is drinking 4 liters of water each day unhealthy? ; How many liters of water should I drink if I run 5kms daily?Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Prespa? ; Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Como?Do porn stars watch porn? ; How can I book Ronda Rousey to star in an adult movie?Trump supporters, how do you feel about the way he's walking back his promises? ; Do Trump supporters now expect the president to live up to his promises he so forcefully sold them on?Why are we worried about others' opinions? ; Why do we care for others' opinion and about what others think about us?How do you potty train a 4 months Pitbull? ; How do I potty train my two-month-old Labrador pup?If I jump rope for five minutes, how many calories will I use? ; What's the best way to jump rope?Which online test series is best for GATE 2017 in CS stream? ; Which test series is the best for GATE computer science stream?What is the best material for understanding algorithmic analysis by a newbie? ; What math does a complete newbie need to understand algorithms for computer programming? What books on algorithms are suitable for a complete beginner?What is the temperament of a Bullmastiff/Husky mix? ; What is the temperament of a Corgi-Husky mix?There are 8 balls. 7 of them weigh the same. 1 of them has a different weight, (you don't know if it's heavier or lighter). How do you find the odd ball with 2 weighs? ; How many 4 digit numbers can be formed by using 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7? How many of them are between 4000 and 6000?In the play "A Raisin in the Sun", why do Walter ad Beneatha argue? ; In "A Raisin in the Sun", why do Walter and Beneatha argue?What are the signs of an ultra smart person playing dumb? ; What are signs of ultra smart people hiding their intelligence?If dark energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created? ; If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, is potential energy infinite (the energy that can be created is infinite)?How do you get a book published? ; What are the good ways to write and publish a book?Who is disrupting Bloomberg? ; Who will disrupt Bloomberg?Why can flash run so fast? ; The Flash (DC character): How fast can the Flash run a mile?What is the best way to invest $500 legally so that I can get tangible profits over a relatively short period of time, say 6 months? ; How can I best invest ₹5000 over the next 6 months?How will the implementation of GST bill impact the lives of common people? ; What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?How can you recover your Gmail password? ; I do not remember my password to my Gmail account, how can I recover my account?How accurately can a mental illness can be diagnosed? ; How can I accurately diagnose and medicate my mental illness?Is knee pain in a 20 year old girl normal? ; Is it normal for a 14 year old girl to be spitting up blood?What are the qualities of a good leader? ; What are some good qualities of a leader?What is the difference between bay, gulf and straits? ; What exactly is the difference between a sea and a bay?Will Modi win in 2019? ; Can Narendra Modi become Prime Minister of India in 2019?How can I open DMart store in India? Is there any franchise for that? ; How do I get reliance digital store franchise?What are the best YouTube channels to learn medicine? ; What are some of the best YouTube channels for learning Git?Did Swami Vivekananda ever eat non-veg or egg during his journey around the world? ; Why don't most of the Hindus eat non-veg?What will happen if I cancel TQWL tickets before the charting is done? ; Can we cancel a 'Tatkal waiting list' ticket?What exactly is the "Common Core Initiative/Standards" and what are the pros and cons? ; What are the pros and cons of the Common Core Standards Initiative?How do I choose a journal to publish my paper? ; Where do I publish my paper?What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017? ; What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?What do you do if you had a bad dream? ; How do you not get bad dreams?Why do Slavs squat? ; Do squats work for men?How many marks should I score for AIIMS rank 151? ; What minimum marks should I score to get among top 50 in AIIMS?In an operating room, when two surgeons of equal experience disagree on a surgical procedure, how is the tie broken? ; Doctors: How do surgeons hold out on surgeries more than 6 hours long? Do they rest during the operation?How many months does it take to gain knowledge in developing Android apps from scratch? ; How much time does it take to learn Android app development from scratch?How do I love my body as a guy? ; How can I make my whole body more fair, if I am a wheatish Indian guy?What are the rights of a prisoner? ; If I am in prison, what rights would I have?How can I get free gems in Clash of Clans? ; How can I get free gems Clash of Clans?Why aren't there more apps like Word Lens? ; What does Word Lens use for OCR?My ex-girlfriend is suffering from malaria. I have a deep urge of visiting her but I have my placements on. I have no idea how to be with her. What should I do? ; Should I be worried that my girlfriend texts her ex-boyfriend till 4 a.m., and if so, why?What is the best way to get traffic on your website? ; How do i get traffic for website?How do you feel when someone upvotes your answer on Quora? ; How does it feel to see upvotes to your answer on Quora?What are some of the best films and TV shows that feature strong female protagonists? ; What are the best female strong characters in films?How far would you go for love? Should I wait for the one I love ir move on? ; As a thirteen year old, what is the best thing I can do for my health?How do most people die? ; How do people die?Why are most clothes made of polyester now instead of cotton? ; How are cotton clothes made?What is in bone marrow? ; What does bone marrow taste like?Were there any slave with the name Reddice? ; In Ancient Rome, slaves were branded. What happened with the brand mark if they were subsequently liberated?How long does it take for a dead body to float to the surface after drowning ? ; When a dead body is in a river, how long does it take before it floats?How do I get over a friend with whom I haven't talked in 3 years but still miss him? ; How do I get over someone I loved now that we broke up last year and I still miss her?When travelling to a new region is it better to immerse yourself in 1–2 cities or to see as many cities as you can cram in? ; What are the ways to explore world without spending more money?How can I make money online with free of cost? ; How do I to make money online?Where can I buy best quality customized cupcakes in Gold Coast? ; Where can I find delicious cupcakes at Gold Coast?How successful was odd even plan? ; How successful was the Delhi's Odd-even plan?If there will be a war between India and Pakistan who will win? ; Who will win if a war starts between India and Pakistan?How do you deal with a fear of dying? ; How can you reduce your fear of dying?What would be the estimated cost of repairing the cracked screen of iphone 6? ; What is the price I have to pay for repairing a broken iPhone 6 screen? How can it be done?What are the most interesting products and innovations that McDonald's is coming out with in 2016? ; What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ball is coming out with in 2016?Is there an end to the universe, and if not, is the universe infinite? ; Is the Universe infinite or is there an end to the Universe?What is CPAGrip.com? ; What is bestmytest.com?How much funds should I raise? ; How much money should I raise?What Anna Hazare think about PM Modi? ; What do you people think of Mr. Arvind Kejriwal and his AAP?What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on stock markets in India? ; What will be the effect of the ban of the 1000rs and 500rs notes on the stock market?How does concentric contractions differ from eccentric contractions? ; How do concentric and eccentric contraction compare and contrast?Why did the puppet they used for Yoda in Episode I suck so bad? ; Why do people not question "news" posts and opinions posted on social media websites?On what online platforms can I post ads for beer money opportunity? ; What online platforms can I post ads for beer money opportunity?What the meaning of this all life? ; What's are the meaning of life?How should I start small business effectively? ; How should I start a small business in construction?How can we acquire a positive morality? ; What are time deposits? Are RD and FD types of time deposits?Do you need friends? ; Why do we need friends?Do I exist? ; Do we exist?Which are the best Hollywood thriller movies? ; What are the best thriller movie in Hollywood?Should I repeat 2nd year in college, or find a new college? It's a 5 year course. ; I study in Ashutosh College in Kolkata. Can I study in any other college in India in my 2nd year?How is petrol or diesel pumped up in a filling station using a motor without igniting any fire? ; What happens when you fill a petrol car with diesel? What is the solution if such an incident happened?What job possibilities exist for a Bachelors in Homeland Security? ; What jobs are available with a bachelor’s degree in Homeland Security?Which are the best books to understand calculus? ; What are good books to self study calculus?Why and how did you break up with her/him? ; How and why did you break up with your ex?Can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s? ; Does iPhone 5S support JIO VoLTE?What are some unwritten rules in USA? ; What are some unwritten rules you have for your home?What is the best answer to what you did in two years gap in a job interview? ; What is the best excuse to explain a gap (of one or two years) in your job career for a job interview?What are the best songs for low voices? ; What are some songs for a sweet airy mezzo voice?Can anyone predict my birth chart? ; What can you tell me regarding this birth chart?When was the birth of the trigonometric functions? ; Who were the creators of trigonometry?What does this saying mean; "Don't trust everything you see even salt looks like sugar"? ; People say "don't try to please others." Does being nice to others mean pleasing them?What do countries do to prevent war? ; How should countries prevent war?How can I become a billionaire? ; How can I become a billionaire (in finance)?Why should I learn web design? ; How can I learn about web design?What's the best on-line calender/scheduling/booking system? Something that allows me to show my availability & customers can 'request' to meet me. When I 'accept' their request, the appointment pops into our calendars & reminders are automated. ; Is there a web service that can send appointment sms-reminders to customers extracting data from Google calendar?How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes? ; What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?Why does understanding death philosophical? ; What makes understanding death philosophical?Why are dogs considered omnivores? ; Are dogs carnivorous animals?What it is like to be cheated upon in a relationship? ; What is it like to be in a relationship with someone you cheated with?How do I know if someone blocked my texts? ; If I turn of my user id off can I text someone that blocked me?What are the most interesting foods you have eaten in any country? ; What is the most delicious dish you've ever eaten and why?What is it like to be a private banker? ; What is like to be a private banker in Switzerland?What is journalism for you? ; What is journalism?How can one increase concentration? ; How can I improve my concentration?How do I see "sent invitations" on Linkedin if I don't have any more pending invitations? ; How can you personalize a LinkedIn invitation? I think I just sent a colleague an invitation on LinkedIn, but did not get a chance to personalize it!What are the pros and cons of the German Shepherd dog? ; What are the pros and cons of having a pet German Shepherd?What is the difference between deism and agnosticism? ; What is the difference between a hobby and a habit?Why do male porn stars masturbate to ejaculate? ; Is it OK for a husband and wife to masturbate together? Is it considered cheating if your partner is masturbating without your consent?How much CGPA I require to get an admission for MTech CSE at IIT Madras? ; Can I get a job in a consulting firm after Mtech in CSE from IIT?Is there a biological reason that people cry when they are emotional? ; What is the biological reason for crying?What are 5 facts about the earth's crust? ; How does the Earth's core affect its crust?Why does ISRO not use friction stir welding technology? ; Should a guy re-evaluate his current relationship and feelings if he's worried about temptation hanging out with a girl that he was friends with?I wish to simulate a fake location for an app running on my iOS device. How do you fake a GPS location for iOS without jailbreaking as a non-coder? ; How can I fake my iPhone location without jailbreaking?What would be the best way to quit smoking? ; How did you quit/stop smoking?Which is the best programing language for tcs? ; Which is the best programming language?Earthquake resistant homes? ; How do earthquake resistant buildings work?Is Kristen Stewart a bad actress?  Why or why not? ; Is Jennifer Lawrence a bad actress?Why do some Japanese guys try to look feminine? Don't the girls find it gross? ; Why have most of the guys in India become so desperate? Don't they know that girls don't always look for relationships? Would it hurt guys to become our friend first?What are the five most popular sugar daddy websites? ; What is it like to date a cougar or a sugar daddy?What is the VTU 1st sem exam time table of 2016 (Dec)? ; How do I frame my time table for 4 months to crack Gate 2016?What is the best phone to buy below 15k? ; Which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000?How do we start a business? ; How do I start business from nothing?What's the best near-death experience you've ever had? ; Has anyone ever had a near-death experience?Why do I keep getting fleas from my dogs? ; How can I keep my dog from getting fleas?What year did the letter J come? ; When was the Letter J created?Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Turkish classes? ; Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Tamil classes?How do I send message from one Android phone to another Android phone through bluetooth? ; How do I transfer my contacts from one Android phone to another Android phone?What are the most important books ever written? ; What is the most important book you have ever read?What universities does Sigma Designs recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Sigma-Aldrich recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?Can we do an M.Phil in India after doing Masters in UK (MA in Psychology)? ; I'm a masters student interested to work in Humanitarian sector. What are the skills required? I'm a medical doctor doing my masters in UKWhat universities does Powell Industries recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Chart Industries recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?What are some of the best movie posters you have come across? ; What are the best & iconic movie posters?What are some examples of deuteromycota and how are they formed? ; Could all bitcoin mining be done by a single Raspberry Pi?How racist is too racist? ; How racist are you?Are there any differences between however and nevertheless? ; What's the difference between between and among?Are Canada Geese really Canadian? ; What do Canadians call Canada?How do I find the zeros of the polynomial function [math]f(x)=\dfrac{1}{2}x^{3}-3x[/math]? ; How would you find the zero of the function for [math]y=\frac{4x^2 - 36x}{ x-9}[/math]?How do I edit my devices on my Google play account? ; How do I add a second device to a Google Play account?How can I become a good speaker? ; What should I do to be a good Speaker?How can I write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi? ; How can I write to Narendra Modi?Who is more electable in a general Presidential election: Donald Trump or Ted Cruz? ; Who is more delusional: Donald Trump or Ted Cruz?Why do they name bastards Snow? ; If Jon Snow is not Ned's bastard, why does Lady Catelyn hate him so much?What do you think about the Bermuda Triangle? ; What are your theories about Bermuda Triangle?Do Mexican girls like black guys? ; Do girls like black guys with no beard?Have you lived in a tiny house? ; Would you live in a tiny house?What is a boy/girl called when he/she is 1-6 years old, 6-11years old, 11-14 years old, and 14-18 years old? ; I am an 18 years old boy and I love a girl who's 14 years old. We both live Tamil Nadu. Is this a time to propose to her?Can you debeak cockerels at 8 months old? ; How much and with what should I feed my 3 months old raven?What should someone do to overcome anxiety? ; What should I do to avoid depression and anxiety?How do we avoid whey in Yogurt? ; Is bad breath a sign of a strong stomach?Im in love with my bisexual best friend who is also a guy and has a girlfriend, and I want to tell him. How do I move on? ; I'm a girl and I'm in love my best friend (who is also a girl), what should I do?What is the best university in Germany for an MS? ; Which are the best universities in Germany for getting a degree in mechanical engineering?How do I maintain my peace of mind? ; How can I maintain my peace of mind?Which car has good build quality in india? ; Is Volkswagen a good reliable car?Why does massaging one's temples soothe a migraine or headache? ; What are the causes and most effective ways to treat or cure migraine headaches?Which one is better among KMC Manipal and KMC Mangalore? ; What is the brief comparison of KMC in Manipal and Mangalore?Why are my bestfriend still ignoring me? ; What should I do when my bestfriend is ignoring me?What are the sensors available in Acer Liquid Z630S Android Smart phone by using CPU-Z App? ; Which useful Android phone apps are not available in the Google Play store?How do I keep motivation to learn a language? ; How do you keep motivated when you learn a new language?What are the top assessment companies in India? ; Which are the top firms in Skills assessment industry in India and Globally?What does @ mean as an emoticon? ; Emoticons: What does “:/” mean?Is a pinkish discharge normal in early pregnancy? What causes it? ; What did nicholas piramal do with 17500 cr?What are the best ways to properly finger yourself? ; What would be the best way of keeping yourself amused in a prison?How do scientists work? ; Where do scientists work?How many sponsored candidates are shortlisted for CMC vellore? ; What is the office culture and woking at Patanjali office, haridwar?What is the different between Chinese wedding ceremony and western wedding ceremony? ; What is the difference between Chinese and Western style wedding?What is the condition of tourism in Pakistan? ; Preferable PG courses for BE (EEE) student in Tamil Nadu?What is the different between offshore and onshore funds? ; What is the difference between offshore and onshore?Why should one hate Shahrukh Khan? ; Why do people hate Shahrukh Khan and why do people feel that he is not an Indian?What are the best self-help books you've ever read? ; What are the top self help books I should read?Is Evernote useful? ; What is Evernote used for?A title for my continuation to The Gift of the Magi? ; How do I start my continuation for the Gift of the Magi?What is a good song to lyric prank your best friend? ; What are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends?I argued with my gf that she made friends with the person that hit on her. She said I'm a control freak and she wants her freedom. What should I do? ; I'm a girl in middle school. My best friends are all girls. I've found out that I'm bisexual. How do I tell my best friend who's a girl without her freaking out and it changing our whole friendship?How do I pass a drug test for methamphetamine? ; Can hair dye help pass a hair follicle drug test for daily meth smokers?How could start with open source development? ; How should I start contributing to open source projects?Why do dreams look so real? ; If you dream about some kind of harm, will there be injuries in real life?Do cricket players really drink tea on a tea break? ; Do cricketers actually drink tea during tea break?How can I get entry in MIT? ; What are the requirements for selection into MIT?Does a fetus breathe when it's inside a womb? ; How does a fetus exhale in the womb?What are movies with incest scenes? ; Are there any good incest movie?What are the signs that a guy has feelings for you or has a crush on you, but doesn't want to show it, so he hides it? ; The guy I'm dating never texts me and I feel like he doesn't care about me but when I see him he shows me he likes me and wants me. Why do I feel this way?According to the International Federation of Robotics, how many robots existed in 2012? ; What type of belt can be used to lift 200 Kg continuously?Why is Oberon mad at Titania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream"? ; Why does Oberon punish Titania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream"?Do you regret your divorce? ; Have you ever regretted your divorce?How much does your DNA change over time? If I were to clone myself 70 years from now, will the clone have the same hair color? ; How much can a person's DNA change from birth to death in a life span of approximately 70 years?Is it right to tell a girl the you have feelings for her? ; What are some cool facts about Facebook?Is Donald Trump taking cocaine, as Howard Dean suggests? ; Are there any strong indications that Donald Trump does cocaine?Is it true that in order to be part of an elite or just rich and successful, you have to join a secret organisation otherwise no chance at all? ; What is the syllabus for ICSE 2017 geography map?Which is more financially beneficial: being in a firm or teaching in an architecture college? ; Why might career training programs be more beneficial than a college degree, if at all, to aspiring entrepreneurs and tycoons?How can I see the Comedy Nights with Kapil live show? ; What is the way to watch Comedy Nights with Kapil live on the sets?Why is sandeep maheshwari not on Quora? ; Who is Sandeep Maheshwari?What is the biggest monster in Monster Hunter? ; Is there a Monster Hunter PC game?How can I convince people to stop blaspheming against the Holy Spirit? ; Does it matter from which college you do your graduation (BCom) from for admission into a top Indian B-School even If I score high(99%+)?Why can't I stop watching porn? ; Why should / shouldn't I watch porn?How can I start trusting any one? ; How can one learn to trust again?What's your bucket list? ; What is your bucket list?How did you first come across porn? ; How were you first introduced to porn?Which car services are available in Normal, IL? How good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other? ; Which car services are available in Atlanta? How good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other?Why can’t charged molecules pass through the lipid cell membrane? ; Why can't sodium channels pass through potassium channels?How does it feel to be a spouse of a renowned porn star? ; How can I get rid of the feeling that my spouse is cheating on me?What is the best hostel booking affiliate program? ; Which is the best non AC girls hostel in Srm?How can the drive from Brooklyn to Staten Island be described, and how do these cities' tourist attractions compare to those in Queens? ; How can the drive from Brooklyn to Staten Island be described, and how do these cities' tourist attractions compare to other tourist attractions?What can I eat every day to be more healthy? ; Is it healthy to eat a whole avocado every day?How do I make free calls to family members on Airtel Andhra Pradesh? ; How do I get Facebook badge notifications on HTC 10?What would Hillary Clinton do now that the election is over? ; What will Hillary Clinton do now?Should I use Vicks Vapor Rub for a stuffy nose? ; How do you apply Vicks Vapor rub to treat a stuffy nose?How I start prepare for UGC net English literature latest syllabus? ; How do I prepare for Net JRF in English literature?How did early Europeans get protein before the Columbian Exchange? ; How did they say breakfast in Portuguese before coffee was introduced to Europeans & the Portuguese language?What is the best forum for graphic designers? ; Who is the best graphic designer in israel?Is Alex Jones a satirical show? ; How is The Canterbury Tales a satire?Should I learn AngularJS 1.5 instead of AngularJS 2 if I don't know TypeScript? ; Which should I start with: Angular 2 or AngularJS 1?Why can't we fall asleep on some days? ; Why do we fall asleep?Which Marvel movies have not included Stan Lee cameos? ; What is your favourite Stan Lee cameo in a Marvel film?What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy? ; What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?What does the 10/6 label on the Mad Hatter's hat mean? ; How do you find a figure labeled this way in a textbook?Who wrote the Kars for Kids jingle? ; I am a freelance musician. How can I get into the jingle industry?Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece? ; Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?What are the minimum requirements to enter MIT? ; How can I join MIT?How do you answer a question on Quora? ; What is the best thing you've ever learned on Quora?Israel vs Iran: who would win? ; If Israel and Iran went to war, who would win?When is it too late to learn the piano? ; I'm almost 40. Is it too late for me to learn piano?What are natural numbers? ; What is a least natural number?Is One Plus 3T 4G VoLTE enabled phone? ; Which phone to buy Moto m or one plus 3t?How do I enter a new email ID which I can access to recover my Facebook ID? ; I lost all my ID. I am adopted and can't access my original birth certificate. How do I replace my ID without even a birth certificate?How we can travel faster than light? ; Is it possible to travel faster than light?What is it like being a firefighter? ; What's it like to be a firefighter?What are the factors that causes data inconsistency in distributed platform/application? ; What are the main data platform?What are the differences between POCSO and sexual offenses in the IPC? ; Do we need the IPC section 375?What is an alternative for the word "is"? ; What is the alternative word for creative?What is considered an illegal screen in the NBA? ; Shaquille O'Neal considers Tim Duncan a power forward therefore disqualifying Duncan from the NBA great big men discussion. Does O'Neal have a point?Nothing excites me anymore. How do I regain that excitement? ; Why do I feel like I'm excited about something when I have nothing to be excited about?What are the life lessons that Batman teaches us? ; What are the life lessons you can learn from the dark knight?How do you stop a criminal's attempt to kidnap you so you escape unharmed? ; How do you stop a criminal's attempt to kidnap you and escape unharmed?How do I sell on Amazon? ; How do I start selling on Amazon?Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India? ; Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?What are the top 10 books one should read in his or her early 20s? ; What books are worth reading in early 20s?Which book should I start with for the GATE preparation? ; What book do I start with for GATE preparation?What does the phrase "He who does not love abides in death" exactly mean? ; What does the phrase "love begets love" mean?What is similar to 4Shared? ; What is similar to 4shared but better?Can you get high if someone touches weed and then you shake their hand and then you eat something with that same hand? ; If someone grabs you by your shirt with both their hands and tells you to shut up, is that assault and can you call the police?Considering the current trend of information technology what is the future of print media? ; What is this model's name? I see her everywhere.What is the best recipe for chicken pizza? ; What are some good pizza recipes?What are some good places to learn mountaineering in India? ; What are some good mountaineering institutes for a beginner level mountaineering course?Do new table tennis balls damage rubbers? ; How do you unlock a car with a tennis ball?My new Xbox one S can't connect to internet during setup. Any solutions? ; Can I withdraw my money from any branch of particular bank .my bank is bank of Baroda I have no Atm card and cheque book?Is it wrong for me to be content with my life? ; What is a cover story?Is gravity only a theory? ; According to the M-theory, there are 11 dimensions. Why are only 5 dimensions in regards to gravity addressed in Interstellar?How could I become a fighter pilot when I have less than the required eyesight? ; I have terrible eyesight. Can I still become a fighter pilot in the Air Force?Operation executive salary in Infosys? ; How do I do the Wake Back To Bed lucid dreaming technique when I think I have restless leg syndrome (regardless, my legs hurt at night.)?Have cavemen been scientifically tested? ; Have mythical creatures been scientifically tested?Can climate change be reversed? ; Can the global climate change be reversed or halted?How should ask my crush for her number? ; What should I ask my crush?Why do I believe that gravitation force exist? ; Does gravitational force exists in all planets?Did Mahabharata really happen? ; Did Mahabharata really happen or only an allegory according to M.K.Gandhi?Can Congress stop Presidents from starting a major war? ; What's a good source to purchase Attorneys eMail addresses? ThanksIs it safe to lose 25 pounds in 1 month? ; Is it healthy to lose 13 pounds in a month?What are some cute shounen ai series? ; When will the Pokémon series end?Why are police lights red and blue? ; Why are police lights red and/or blue?How do I post a question that was marked as needing improvement? ; Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"Who owns nature? ; Who owns Natural Factors?How can I install OBB/data file on an Android? ; I want to install EXE extension files in Android mobile. Is it possible?What is garbage value? And Why do we get garbage value in c? ; What is garbage value in c?How do I prepare for software interviews? ; What are the best ways to prepare for software interviews?Does Rahul Gandhi have any chance to become next PM of India after Modi? ; Does Rahul Gandhi have chances to become next Pm of India after Modi?Is noon 12 am or 12 pm? ; Is it good to do gym at morning and swimming at noon?What is the difference between a comet and an asteroid? ; What is the difference between asteroids and comets?Is chocolate milk good for you? ; Why is unrefrigerated milk good for you?How should I study ; What are some tricks to study effectively?Which country is best for higher education and work? ; Which is the best country for higher education after USA and UK?What is the painting on this image? ; What is this painting?Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Tennessee? ; Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Texas?What's beyond our Universe? ; If space is expanding, where does the new space come from?Is growing of hair a physical or a chemical change? ; Can a bald person ever grow their hair back?What is the difference between culture and history? ; How is chili different between cultures?What does it mean when a guy says I like you? ; What does it mean when a guy says "Be safe"?What makes a programmer "good?" ; What makes a good programmer great?What will most likely cause World War III? ; Is World War III imminent?Is civil war likely after the US presidential election? ; Is the US at risk of some type of uprising after the election?Which European country is the best for asylum seekers? ; What are the best countries for whistleblowers to seek asylum?Where and how do the crop circles get generated? ; What are crop circles?Will baking soda help pass a urine test? ; How does baking soda help you pass a drug test?What is Zika virus and how is it transmitted? ; How is Zika virus spread?What is the best way to learn algebra by yourself? ; How do you learn algebra 1 fast?How does it feel to retake a class in college? ; Does retaking subjects in college affect future job prospects?Does Google Display Network require any site to have it SEO (on-page and off-page optimized) first before they can proceed with GDN? Is this possible? ; How can I get my name off the first page on Google search?How hard is it to fake appearing "spiritual" in a Christian community? ; Why did the Battle of Agincourt happen? How does it compare to the Battle of Edge Hill?What is an actinomorphic flower? ; Flowers: What is vaijanti?What is the best place for sex? ; What is the best place to have sex from?Do people with anemia die younger? ; Does anemia increase irritability?How do you feel about the new MacBook Pro, late 2016? ; Should I get the new Macbook Pro?Does covering your head while sleeping cause brain damage? ; Does binge drinking cause long term brain damage?What are the major differences between Chinese culture and western cultures? ; What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?What are scraping techniques? ; What are some good free web scrapers / scraping techniques?I am 29Y old. I have diabetic Type 2. Recently my sugar level was increased to 150 (fasting). I do exercise and eat whole grains. why this happening? ; Where can I find the best Security Cameras?Is it healthy to eat egg whites every day? ; Is it healthy to eat one chicken every day?What words rank the highest on Dictionary.com's difficulty index? ; Can Hindi words get a place in the Oxford dictionary?Why can't I feel remorse or empathy at all? ; Why do I not feel remorse?How many minutes of cardio a day should I do? ; How many minutes of yoga can be done in a day?Why is my dog biting me? ; Why did my dog bite me?How can I treat a severe foot sprain? ; How can I get a severe foot sprain?How can a severe crick in the neck be treated? ; What are some symptoms of a severe crick in the neck?What are the best places to recommend foreigners to visit in Nepal? ; What are the best places to visit in Nepal?Who do I activate the dlc of skyrim in a laptop? Ive got it working on my computer after doing the command lines, but did the same on laptop, to no use.. ; I'm tired of the laptops Ive bought getting old and slow after 2ish years. Do desktops degrade as quickly? Will getting a solid state drive laptop/desktop help increase its longevity?How should I prepare for HSBC GLT placement tests? ; Which company should I choose, HSBC (GLT) or Cybage Software?Did any Indian writers/authors ever use a pen name? ; How badly did Donald Trump miscalculate his run would have on his "brand" value?How do I register institute providing training in various programming languages for vocational courses as it will exempt it from the service tax? ; How much marks should I score in SSC cpo to get Delhi police?How imminent is world war III? ; Are we heading toward World War 3?How do you write a song? ; How do I write a song?What could be Narendra Modi's next move after demonetization? ; What is next step after demonetization?If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you haven't got me. What am I? ; If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you don't get me. What am I?What is an interesting fact that you know and I don't, but shouldn't? ; What is the most interesting fact that most people don't know about?What is the problem with controlled fusion? ; Why haven't we developed a fusion reactor capable of generating more energy than it consumes? What are the problems we face?Where do I find 3ds emulator for android? ; Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC?I want to start my clothes boutique in India, from where can I buy cheap wholesale clothes? ; Where can I buy cheap clothes in bulk?How can I become a true computer science engineer? ; How do I become a good computer science engineer?Is it necessary to unlock bootloader before rooting Android phones? ; How ClockWorkMod works for phones NOT having bootloader unlocked?What is bss engineer? ; Is it right option from being Android Developer to become Translator after 3 years in software development field?Why do I get punished by Quora moderators when I put Israel and Judaism in a negative light? ; How do I excel in computer sciece & programing without wasting four years in CS degree in Indian engineering college?What can you do in lucid dreams? ; How was your experience of Lucid dreaming?What does it feel like to be beautiful? ; What does it feel like to be attractive and desired by many?Is it possible to do CA after 12th Science? ; What should be done further to apply for Ph.D fellowship from a government institution if I have cleared TIFR GS 2016 written test?How can I hack someones whatsapp account? ; How can I hack another WhatsApp account?What is it like to study math at UCLA? ; Could USC buy UCLA?What is the best lesson in life? ; What is the most important lesson you have learned from life?What are some Interesting mobile apps? ; What are the best mobile apps for recruiters?How will Trump's presidency affect Indian students who are planning to do a PhD in the US? ; How would Trump presidency affect Indian students in the US?What are the various Batman movies in the series? (In order) ; What is the order of the Batman: Arkham games?What are the best daily life hacks one can use to make his life easy? ; What are the hacks in daily life?How much weight will I lose by not eating for a week? ; How much weight do I lose by purging after every time I eat?What is your favourite anime character and why? ; What is your favorite anime character? And why?How do ATM machines work internally? ; How does ATM transaction work?How many Mechanical Engineers graduate from India per year? ; How many mechanical engineers graduate per year in India?How do I start a successful private equity firm? ; What do you need to start your own private equity firm?What are most underrated date activities? ; What is the most underrated activity?What are some common facts every mechanical engineer should know? ; What should all mechanical engineering students know?What can be the medium budget to visit best places in Kerala for three members (2-3 days)? ; What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?Why is Quora Digest filled with questions about Google, IQ, and China? ; Why are there so many questions about IQ questions on Quora?How would you destroy the world? ; How can I destroy the world?How can I earn money from YouTube? ; How do I make money through YouTube?What are the differences between particles and molecules? ; How can I entirely turn off syntax highlighting in Sublime Text for Golang?On Facebook, how can I add mutual friends? ; Can I see an ordered list of the people with whom I share the most mutual friends on Facebook?What is Russian president Vladmir Putin like as a person, to his closest friends and family? ; When did Putin become a public person, and what was his "rise to fame" like?How do I start writing again? ; How do I start writing?If time started because of the big bang happening then how could the big bang start because there was no time for the big bang to start? ; How did the Big Bang happen when there wasn't any time for it to happen in?How does it feel to be in a relationship than being single and how does our life changes when we are in a relationship? ; Why do I want to stay single all my life after my breakup? Why do I feel like I am done with this serious relationship thing?How can I start civil service exam preparation from scratch? ; When should I start preparing for the civil service exam?What are the non-invasive blood glucose monitoring systems abroad? ; What are the non-invasive blood glucose monitoring systems in India?What is the difference in pleasure between masturbation and sex? ; What is the difference between sex and masturbation when it comes to pleasure?What does "the more things change the more they stay the same" mean? ; Why do some people believe that life ends at death?How do I start a solar energy business in egypt? ; How do I start solar energy business?Can my PC with specs 2 GB DDR2@ RAM, Intel Core Duo 3.5 GHz, NVidia GeForce GT 610 3gb DDR3 run Assassin's Creed Syndicate and GTA V? ; Does web Methods has future after 5 to 10 years from now?Do you have any psychic abilities? ; Do you have psychic power?How do I manage time for studies? ; How do you manage time between work and study?What is the academic calendar at XLRI? ; Is it possible to give usmele step 1 after 8 years of gap?What is your take on Urjit Patel as the new RBI governor? ; Is Urjit Patel is right person for RBI Governor?Why do you want to be to president? ; Would you want to be President?Why India does not have friendly relations with it's neighbouring countries? ; How are India's relations with the U.S.A.?Do Trump voters care that he has reneged all his campaign promises? ; How will Trump supporters react once they realize he can't or won't keep his campaign promises?Can I learn while sleeping? If so, how? ; How can I efficiently learn while sleeping?Can you play Asian Playstation 4 games on a European Playstation? ; Can you play Asian Playstation 4 games on a European Playstation 4?How do I stop being addicted to porn? ; How can I stop watching porn?Why did British engineering and manufacturing skills decline so dramatically in the 60s, 70s and 80s, especially when compared with Germany's? ; Why did the UK have bad living standards in the 70s/80s, but better now?How do I work with machine learning researchers after graduation? ; How can undergraduate help with machine learning research?What is the future for iOS Developers? ; As of 2015, what is the future of iOS development?What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth? ; What do you feel is the purpose of life?How do I be a boyfriend? ; How does a girl get a boyfriend?How is time travel possible? ; Do you think time travel is possible?How can one get a fuller face? ; How do I do to get fuller face?Is it too late for me at the age of 25 thinking to start a career in photography? ; I want to start my career as a photographer at age of 25. Is it too late?What’s the best time to have sex? ; When will the best time for having sex?Can we weld steel and aluminum together? ; Why can't steel and aluminum be welded together?Which YouTube video has the highest like/dislike ratio? ; How is it possible for a YouTube video to have more likes/dislikes than views?What is solution to Kashmir issue? ; Is it possible for the Sharif government to resolve the conflicts in Kashmir?If you dug a hole through the earth, and came out the other side what would happen? ; If I dug a huge hole in the ground in a straight line what would happen when I reach the opposite side of the Earth? Would my head or my feet come out first?Can we create free energy? ; How do we make free energy?What should I do for Web design? ; What Is Web Design?What's the funniest highbrow joke you've ever heard? ; What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?How do I find the phenotypic ratio? ; What is a phenotype ratio?Why does Saturn benefit a house it sits in slowly? ; Why does time seem to pass so slowly when you are in a boring lecture?Who is the most academically qualified Bollywood celebrity? ; Which bollywood celebrity has his/her own jet?Is there a difference in quality between wired and wireless headphones? If so, why? ; What are the differences between having BOSE headphones in the ear and around the ear?What are some movies that everyone needs to watch at least once in life? ; What movies would you recommend everyone to watch?Can World War 3 ever take place? ; Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?How can eating prunes help during a constipation? ; Does eating prunes help with constipation?You have given all statement as correct in UNCCD question in CSE prelim 2016. While many coachings have taken 2nd statement as wrong.? ; Have you ever been told any condescending statement by your elders to prove their point in question ?What would be today’s technology had we never realized the value of binary numbers and harnessed it to produce digital technology? ; Would the world be less technologically advanced if the two world wars had never occurred?What is the best way to invest in oil and natural gas? ; What is the minimum investment If I want to buy oil and gas royalties?Is Arnab Goswami pro-BJP? ; Are Quorans supportive of Modi?What are some good sources for learning NuGet? ; What is a good source to learn mathematica?How would do you describe a person with lots of interests? ; What are some examples of how to describe a person in a positive light?Is it possible to turn off indicator light on a dahua camera? ; What happens when you fly into a country but they refuse you entry?Why is Barack Obama so important for the world? ; Why is Barack Obama so important to the world?What is the reason Pakistan supports terrorism? ; Has Pakistan become a safe haven for global terrorism?How do I can stop hairfall? ; How can I stop hairfall?In your opinion, what is the best classical song of all time? ; What's the best classical music piece of all time?What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Hungary? ; What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Singapore?What is the aim? ; What is the aim of science?How should I respond to my boss who fired me via email? ; Is it okay to fire someone via email?What are cheap and budget stay options in North Goa? ; What are some nice budget places to stay in Goa?Is there any other website similar to Quora? ; Are there any website like Quora?What are the conditions in European refugee camps? ; How are the conditions inside European Refugee Camps?What is the opposite of "homebird"? ; What is the opposite of take off?How do you know that your fiance loves you? ; What are the things that you love the most about your fiance?Can somebody explain to me how to do this problem with steps? ; Can somebody explain to me how to do with steps this little problem?How do I develop my presence of mind? ; How can I increase my presence of mind?Mathematical Fallacies: What is wrong in this proof that 2+2 = 5? ; How would mathematics change had 2 plus 2 been equal to 5?Will it help CIBIL score if I pay off my written-off amount? ; Does my CIBIL score gets impacted if I only pay the minimum due amount?Should the Hobbit be considered a canonical Tolkien work? ; What is the proper, canonical spelling of Middle-earth in Tolkien's works?What do Japanese think about Malaysian? ; What do Malaysians think about indians?Is the Har Ki Dun trek easy? ; Can I take 10 month baby to base camp of Har ki dun trek?What are the good websites to learn C programming for begineer? ; How can we learn c programming?Will the Supreme Court's decision of playing the National Anthem before movie screenings affect your patriotism? ; What are your views on the supreme court's decision to make playing national anthem mandatory in cinema halls?If the United States has a female president, will her husband be called the first gentleman? What will Bill Clinton be called if Hillary is elected? ; If a single woman were elected President of the United States, would she have a First Lady or First Gentleman?How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to filmmaking & production developed by Indian professors? ; How can I get MOOCs/E-learning through online web and video courses related to photography developed by Indian professors?Mobile Number Portability finally will start on May 3. Do network providers really agree to this? ; Mobile number portability finally will start on May 3rd, including changing circles. Have network providers really agreed to this?Why do people hate twilight saga? ; Why do people hate Twilight so much?Do you believe imperialism left a positive or negative legacy in the Indian subcontinent and in Africa? ; Stepping into corporate life from being a student. How does that feel?Why is C the best programming language? ; Lua and C, which one is the best programming language for embedded systems?How can I improve my spoken English ability? ; How can I improve my English speaking .?How can I have gay sex? ; How can I be gay and dislike gay sex?I'm transferring to a school with a US curriculum (taking the IBDP) from a Philippine school w/ a percent average grading system. How do I get my GPA? ; I am in tenth grade at a high school in Ontario, Canada. I would really love to do an exchange with a student from Europe. Any ideas on how I can go about doing this?How do I make money with YouTube? ; How do I make money through YouTube?How do I find love in life? ; How do I find the love of my life?Which option is better to reduce weight, swimming or gym? ; Is it possible to burn 1000 calories each day? If yes, how?Is there any way to get rid of gynecomastia? ; How can I get rid of man boobs?Which payment gateway in Saudi that using to collect and pay money from/to multiple ? ; Which are all the stress free, relatively easy to get jobs in India that pay a decent sum of money and allow you to pursue other interests?Are there any scientific reasons behind Hindu temples? ; What is the scientific reason behind visiting temples?Is (male) circumcision required in Islam? ; Is circumcision allowed in Islam?Where can I get super high quality photos for any photo booth services in Sydney? ; Where can I get professional photo booths service in Sydney?How can I find out whom I sent a friend request to on Instagram? ; How do you send a friend request on Instagram?How can I control on my anger? ; How can someone control their anger?What are genders? ; What is Gender Profiling?How do I get off Quora? ; How do get out of Quora?How long can raw and cooked sausage last refrigerated? ; How long does onigiri last if left refrigerated? How can it be kept longer?What are the best available smartphones gadgets? ; What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?How does it feel to be a closeted gay in India? ; How does it feel to be homosexual in India?Can we switch roles at Amazon? ; How important is the role of TPM at Amazon?What happens if dictatorship is continuing in the present days? ; What happens if a dictatorship continues in the present day?What makes a great cup of coffee great? ; What makes a perfect cup of coffee?Is the US election rigged? ; Was the US election rigged?Why hasn't Gayle Laakmann McDowell/careercup created a MOOC or a coding bootcamp? ; Is Gayle Laakmann McDowell planning on publishing any more books? If so, what is she working on?What is fermentation? What are some products of fermentation? ; What are some fermented products?What do you think about my short film, "ColorShift"? ; What do you think about my short film?Should there be a war between India and Pakistan for Kashmir? ; Why is there a conflict between India and Pakistan on Kashmir?What is the best way to get you food stamp card? ; How can I get food stamps in college?What are some real world example of encapsulation and abstraction and how are they different, yet related? ; What are some examples of recursion in the real world?What are ways to deal with fabricate security and insurance of android application? ; How do find best applications for android security?What is the best accordion for beginners to learn on? ; How difficult would it be to learn how to play the accordion if I know how to play the piano?Role of junior leaders in Indian army? ; What is the role of the Indian army?What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes? ; What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?What are some of the most mind-blowing facts about Bengaluru? ; What are some interesting facts about Bengaluru?If both the parents have blood group B+, can the child have A+? ; If both my parents have blood group B+ can I be A+?Which book is best for Neet chemistry? ; Which is the best book for chemistry for NEET?What is the essence of enlightenment? ; What is enlightenment?Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google? ; Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?How should I answer if an interviewer asks me to sell a pen or any other product as I am pursuing a MBA? ; What should be the answer if your interviewer asks you to sell his pen in front of him?What are some great side dishes for a minestrone soup? ; 68.44% of product passes the process spec.To pass, the product must be close to average. How many standard deviations away does 68.44% represent?How much is the maximum gold you can take when flying from India to USA? ; Why don't we fly east to go from India to USA?If my reservation status is RAC, does it mean the seat has been confirmed? ; My family tickets have changed from RAC to CNF (Confirmed), will all of us have adjacent seats? After preparation of charts?How does a new website protect its design and user interface from copycats? ; What is a way to design a beautiful user interface?How can I improve my skills? ; How do I improve my learning skills?Is it possible to use SPI between AVR and Raspberry pi? ; What are the uses of Raspberry Pi and Intel Galileo?Which are the best movies of 2016? ; What is your best 2016 movie?What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban? ; Why Central Govt banned old 500 and 1000 Rs note, but issued new 500 and 2000 Rs note?What are some of the best photos? ; What is a good photo?Why students run away from home? ; Why do people run away from home?In C++, what are access modifiers? ; What are access modifiers in Java?Can you analyze history, or is it unscientific? ; Can poetry be learned? Or is it a “you have it or not" sort of thing?What are some interesting theories about life after death? ; What is the truth about life after death since there are some unconfirmed examples?Do I need to get a tetanus shot again? ; Do I need to get a tetanus shot?How light bend with gravity? ; If gravity bends light, can light bend gravity?What does it mean to hike up your skirt? ; What are some cute ways to cut up a skirt?How many new cars are sold by Maserati in the US each year? ; Has Lotus actually sold any cars in the US over the last 10 year?How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora? ; How do I send another person a message on Quora?How do you train a white Pitbull with brown spots? ; How do I train White Pitbulls?What is the difference between a turkey and a chicken? ; Why does turkey have darker, more flavorful dark meat than chicken?What are some of the most surreal questions asked on Quora? ; What is the most surreal question on Quora?What is the difference between IT and computer science engineering? ; What are the differences between computer science and computer engineering?When will the best time for having sex? ; What would be the best time to have sex?How can I consult a good free online astrologer? ; Are there any good free online astrologers?Why we don't feel sympathy towards everyone? ; Why don't I feel like talking to anyone?Why do brothers hate sisters? ; Why do we hate our sisters?What is the best site for downloading Kannada films in torrent form? ; What's a good torrent site to download games from?What are some of the most gruesome causes of death? ; What causes death by hanging?What is latency in telecom? ; How does WiFi latency compare to Wired Ethernet?Is senior residency at Hindu Rao Hospital teaching experience? ; I am studying BS Computer science. I am in 7th semester and can't pass the basic programming course. Wasted alot money?What behavioral adaptations do pandas have? ; What behavioral adaptations do red pandas have?Is Textile Engineering Good? ; Is textile engineering good or not?What is the fastest production car? ; What is the world's fastest street legal car?How magnets are made? ; What are magnets made of?What's the street value of A332? ; What is true value?What are the qualifications for being an FBI or CIA agent? ; What does it take to become an FBI agent?What is the best operating system for the PC in 2014? ; What is the best operating system for PC?Why are major Indian TV channels absent in northeast? ; How many TV channels are there in the world?Hypothetical scenario: Our actual credit card system & banking never existed before. How would you implement a digital currency on the Internet today? ; What are some inventions from the Neolithic Age?How does Quora quickly mark questions as needing improvement? ; Why does Quora mark my questions as needing improvement/clarification before I have time to give it details? Literally within seconds…How will I contact a good hacker? ; How can I hire a hacker?What are the best horror novel in 2016? ; What are some of the best horror novels of 2014?What is the most beautiful thing that you have ever seen? ; What is the most beautiful thing ever built?What are the most important things for living a good life? ; Why should I live?What is the meaning and purpose to life? ; What is the exact meaning of life?What should I do when my friends betray me? ; What can I do when my friend betrayed me?I'm 15 year old my height is 5 feet 7 inches and my weight is 50 kg what should I do to gain weight? ; I am 22, my weight is 46 kg and my height is 5.4 ft. What should I do to gain height and weight?Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China? ; Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?Is there a different price over the Internet than in person when trying to book a room in Mexico City from the US? ; Why is Mexico City dangerous?Why did Venuetastic fail? ; How much does it cost to book a good wedding venue?Which were some of the most amazing responses you have got with Cortana, Siri or Amazon Echo? ; What are some of the most amazing concepts given by theoretical physicists which cannot be proved in reality or are too advanced to prove with available resources/technologies?What is most important in life - money or values? ; What is more important money or respect?Who are the best hackers in India? ; Who is best Indian hacker?Should the Indian education system be changed? ; Do we need to change the  education system of India? If yes then why?What are the multiple uses of hollow columns? ; What is the standard size of a column for building?Which are some commonly mispronounced words? ; What are some of the most commonly mispronounced English words?Why is it that every teen girl has a crush on her mathematics teacher? Is it the intelligence or their behavior? ; Do girls get crushes on their male teachers?Is it too late to go to medical school and become a doctor? ; Is it too late to go to medical school at 24?Where can I buy best quality commercial innerspring sofa bed in Chatswood West? ; Where can I get quality services for cleaning paint and paint removal in Chatswood?If you screenshot someone's Instagram video, will they get notified that you screenshotted it? ; If I screenshot someone's live video on Instagram do they get notified?What government exams, other than the GATE, can final year computer science students give? ; What government exams, other than the GATE can average mark final year computer science students give?What sentences use all 26 letters without any repeats? ; Pangrams: In English, using all the letters of the alphabet exactly once, and picking one dictionary, can you make a sentence, or any set of common English words?What is the effect of hypodensity of white matter in parietal lobe of brain? ; How do I increase grey matter in the brain?What is your job and your salary? Are you satisfied with your current job? ; My IQ is currently 83. Can I get a high paying job or ever get a six figure salary job?Psychopaths: Do you find babies cute? ; Do psychopaths find babies cute?What is the opera song with a choir used for horror movies? ; What are an opera choir's rights? Do we get paid for rehearsals? Are we entitled to catering throughout rehearsals, etc. (part of an opera company)?Would a woman in the Catholic Church be shunned or ostracized for having a sexual relationship with a priest? ; What would happen if a woman sued the Catholic Church for not allowing them to become a priest?If a Canadian gets a tattoo in America, do they have to declare the cost when returning to Canada? ; I'm a Canadian PR that just finished studying in the US. I got offered an H1-B. Should I take the offer or return to Canada?How can I see who blocked me at Facebook? ; Will I see if someone blocked me of Facebook?Why has there been a scarcity of high quality fantasy films? ; Briefly describe how you would test a mineral for each of these properties?Who are some of great coders from Tamil Nadu? ; Are there any competitive coders from Tamil Nadu?What do think of when you hear the word elect? ; What do you think when you hear the word, "Japan"?Which is the best programming language to learn in 2017? ; How should you start learning programming?What is the ultimate way to serve humanity? ; How can one serve humanity?How can I calculate 72 hours from now? ; How do I calculate a semester percentage from SGPA in ITER?How hard was it for Jimmy Wales to immigrate to the UK? ; Why does Jimmy Wales choose to reside in London instead of the US?Cochin to London etihad is the change over time of 1hr sufficient in Dubai? ; What is difference between China and the United States to send gifts?What is Quora's algorithm for sorting answers to a single question? ; How does the ranking of answers on Quora work?What will be the resolution one should have for the year 2016? ; What's your resolution for year 2016?What are Balaji Viswanathan's views on caste based reservations in India? ; What is Balaji Vishwanathan's view on caste based reservation system in India?Jawed habib haircut prices? ; DO YOU THINK IF MY TREE FALLS ON YOUR PROPERTY IT SHOULD BE MYINE OR YOUR RESPONSABILITY?Does any one have ebook of answers of wren and Martin grammer and composition? ; Why did barvaria join Germany?What is [math]x[/math] if [math]x+\left(\dfrac{1}{x}\right) =0[/math]? ; What is [math]\mathop {\lim}\limits_{x \to 0^+}\frac{1}{x}^\frac{-x}{x+1}[/math]?Whenever its about “her” its a very special feeling. Tried hard to forget her but she's alwys spcl. Should I stop talking to her even as a friend ? ; How should I stop thinking about someone?What are Mutual funds? How do they work? ; What is mutual fund all about?How has the vertebral column anatomy changed through time? ; When calculating bullet spin; MV X 12 (twist rate in inches) X 60=RPM, does distance to target matter?Which acoustic bass guitar is the best? ; How do you go about maintaining an acoustic bass guitar?Which universities in the US offer more management content in the management information systems curriculum? ; Which universities in the US offer a more technical content in the management information systems curriculum?My maths have become extremely weak and I am in class 12th. How can I improve my maths so that I can clear my JEE exams next year? ; I want to do a BBA. I only got 62% in class 12 (non maths). I am taking 1 year drop for the entrance exam of Symbiosis, GGSIPU, etc. Should I also give an improvement next year?What is a "function" in the context of functional programming? ; What is functional programming?What is the main difference between socialism and communism.? ; What is the difference between socialism, marxism, and communism?How do I change my Facebook password? ; How can I log in Facebook without password?How is the word 'valiant' used in a sentence? ; How is the word 'contorted' used in a sentence?Why I feel dizzy when I am playing some 3D games but others do not make me feel like this? Are there any tricks in developing 3D games to avoid this? ; 3D Rad: How can I make a mission-based game?How do payroll companies make money? ; How companies make money?What are the most underrated and overrated movies you've seen? ; What are the most overrated movies?For what use cases do you think deep learning and neural networks overkill and simpler models work better in practice? ; In deep Q learning, how we update the weight in neural network?Which one to learn, C++ or C#? ; Which should I learn first: C++ or C#?Will a Fitbit accurately track my activity if I am riding a bike? ; What is the most accurate wearable item for activity  on the market today (i.e. Jawbone or Fitbit)?What is the best evidence for a historical Jesus? ; What is the evidence for and against the existence of the historical Jesus?Which free online language classes would allow me to go from 0 to fluent in Portuguese given their provided courses of study? ; Suggest me some free online courses that provides certificates?How do the PM and Prez get women? ; I worked for 1month and absconded from accenture within bond period will they take any legal action?will it effect when joining other company?What are some of the best part-time jobs where you can work from home and make some good cash? ; What are some of the best paid part time jobs that can be done from home?Does Trump have a chance at winning presidency? ; Is there a big chance that Trump will win the election?What if I shift my job from e-commerce to cloud computing? ; What computer science courses should I take If I want to join a product based or e-commerce company?How can I meet Suresh Raina? ; How do i meet suresh raina?What is the name of the song in which picturized on Madhuri Dixit and Ranbir Kapoor and is from which movie? ; What is the name of the song in which Salman Khan teases Madhuri Dixit by using a slingshot and is from which movie?What is the function of nucleoplasm in a plant cell? ; What is the function of centrosomes in plant cells?Can fossil records be used as evidence for evolution? If so, how? ; What are some examples of evidence of evolution that fossil records provide?What is the Hizmet movement? ; What is the Gülen movement?Could CAT exam and MAT exam take place on same day (4th December 2016)? ; Is it necessary to learn vedic maths and spending time on short tricks for cat 2016 exam?What mythical creatures are in the Bible? ; What do mythical creatures eat?Which one is good: oral, anal, or vaginal sex? ; We had consensual sex, then he forced me into having anal sex. If I press charges, will the fact that I consented to sex vaginally ruin my case?What are the winter weather conditions like in Cincinnati, OH? ; What is the weather like during winter in Tel Aviv?What stocks are the best to invest in right now? ; What are the best stocks to invest for long term right now?How do we improve reading skills of children? ; How do I improve my reading skill?What should I do if someone has posted a porn video under my name? ; What should I do if someone has posted porn video under my name?Do you lose nutrients & calories when you have diarrhea? ; Will eating 2,000 calories a day make me lose weight?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?What is the benefit of going Walking every morning? ; Bollywood industry doesn't encourage outsiders? For ex outsiders may get one or at max two chances whereas star kids get multiple chances to perform?Are there any martial artists who started later in life and went on to become champions? ; What are the pros and cons of bringing a small claims case before the People's Court on TV?How do I get my ex back? ; How do I ask my ex to get back together?Which framework should i choose for cross-platform mobile development? ; What cross-platform should I choose while developing a mobile application for an enterprise?What is the best way to prepare to IELTS? ; What is the best way to prepare for IELTS?How do I know if the girl am dating online truly live me for real? ; How do I know if my online girlfriend truly loves me?What area of games programming is most mathematically involved and suited to a math major? ; If one was to go about learning Python to be able to apply it to his area of study (Major in Chem minor in Math), what applications of Python could be most useful when applying for a job?What are the differences between larceny and robbery? ; What is the difference between the words burglary and robbery?Is graph theory counted as a prerequisite for machine learning? ; Is Graph Theory a nice-to-have course to have for machine learning?What are the best schools to study Natural language Processing in India? ; Which are the best schools for studying natural language processing?Will Ted Cruz supporters vote for Donald Trump? ; Will Donald Trump support Ted Cruz for president?What is a GDP? ; What is the significance of GDP?Is there a "blind trust" provision for American Presidents, and how is it enforced? ; Who will be the new American president? WhyHow do I make a girl who is a newly joined junior in my college to fall in love with me? ; What do you have to do to become an airline pilot?What are the home remedies for piles or anal fissure? ; How do I cure anal fissure permanently with home remedies?How many words are actually needed to learn for the GRE and what is the correct method to prepare for the GRE verbal? ? ; How can I get best score in GRE?Is the soul immortal? ; Why is the soul immortal?What are some of your own personal Moon in the 3rd House stories and experiences? ; What are some of your own personal Jupiter in the 1st house stories and experiences?What can be done to reduce the pollution of India? ; What is the best way to reduce pollution in india?Is government liasioning legal in India? ; Is UberMoto legal in India?What's the meaning of "I gotta take a shit!"? ; What does "I fancy you" mean?What is the best place to celebrate New Year 2017 in Hyderabad? ; Which is the best place to celebrate New Year 2015 in Hyderabad?What is working hard (not in terms of studying)? ; What is working hard in terms of studying?Can I upgrade Windows 32 bit to 64 bit Windows 8.1? ; I have Windows 7 32 bit. Can I upgrade to 64 bit Windows 10 (since it's a free upgrade)?Which were some of the bad experiences you had in life? ; What were some of your good and bad life experiences?Why is Timbaland famous? ; Which brand of drums does Timbaland use?Can you get a list of individual telephone numbers? ; How do you get cell phone numbers?Do you have to wake up during REM sleep to remember your dreams? ; Do you need to wake up in the middle of REM sleep in order to remember you dreams?What are common required and elective courses in agriculture? ; What are common required and elective courses in philosophy?How do I learn how to sing? ; I want to learn singing. How do I start?Who is capable of ending Google's monopoly in search? ; Will Google's virtual monopoly in web search ever end? When?Can an auto immune disease cause insomnia? ; What causes Auto Immune diseases?Does GTA IV work in Windows 7? ; Does GTA IV work on Windows 10?Which is the best SSC and banking training insititute in Chandigarh? ; Which institute provide best SSC and banking coaching in Chandigarh?Which is the best PMP Certification course provider in Bangalore? ; Which is the best pmp certification center in Bangalore?What is difference between net and gross income? ; What is the difference between gross income versus net income?How can I wake up early in the morning? ; How can I get up early in the morning?Why do you love her? ; What do you love? Why?I missed the IIT. What should I do? ; When should I expect my joining date for Accenture, The timeline shows its 24 dec 2016 and I havent recieved any updates from the Organisation?What is the difference between the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus? ; What's the difference between the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s?How can one improve a credit score by 100 points? ; Which army would win if fights occured between US troops from WW2 and US troops from Vietnam war?My crush likes me back; what do we do now? ; My sister told my crush that I like her without me asking her to do so. What should I do now?Who is the most powerful character in Skyrim apart from Alduin? ; Who would win the Dovahkiin from Skyrim or Kylo ren?Can a Muslim guy date a non Muslim girl? Is it based on how religious the individual is or are there other factors to it? ; What do non-Muslims expect from Muslims?What are your comments on this picture? ; What can I comment to my girlfriend's pictures?When are the roads most slippery during rain? ; During rain what should I do for precautions of flooding road?How do you prove the Heisenberg uncertainty principle experimentally? ; What's the easiest way to prove the Heisenberg uncertainty principle?What is the IELTS all about? ; What is IELTS and its use?How do I lose weight without doing any sport? ; How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?Why do digital cameras have shutter sound? ; What digital cameras have electronic shutter that can be set to make absolutely no sound or noise?What's it like dating a gangster? ; I'm 51 can I date a man in his 30's?What were the main and most important political causes of World War 1? ; What were the causes for World War 1?How do I get over the fear of everything? ; How do I get over my fears?Which city in India has the best weather? ; Which city in Argentina has the best weather?What is the difference between HDD and SSD in layman's terms? ; What is differences between SSD and hdd?What does it mean if a dog vomits white foam? ; Why is my puppy vomiting white foam?Does my life hold any significance to the world/universe? ; Do we truly have any purpose in life? Or do we create a purpose to make ourselves feel significant in the very vast world, or to make ourselves feel that our existence in the vast world is required?How is the job situation in New Zealand for computer science graduates? ; How is the job situation in New Zealand for computer science graduates diploma?How would I develop an e-commerce website? ; How do I create an e-commerce website?How do you get a micro SIM card out of an iPhone 4? ; Does an iPhone 4 use a micro SIM card?What can I do to improve my question on Quora? ; All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?If one of the people catches feelings, in an established friends with benefits arrangement, how can we drop the feelings going forward? ; In an age where we constantly see the best of other people's work and lives, how do we not feel dissatisfied with our own work and lives?What are some tips for someone trying to teach themselves to sing? ; How can I teach myself how to sing?If climate change scientists are right, why do they worry so much about public relations and packaging? ; What kinds of rude comments will a man get in the United States if he dates a woman 30 years younger than him?What is the main reason for all the problems in India? ; If Frances Farmer (the actress) was still around today, what would she think about Donald Trump?What is a good substitute for milk in macaroni and cheese? ; What are some good cheese substitutes for Havarti cheese?How can constipation cause dizziness? ; Can constipation cause dizziness?Is it possible to make doctor's review app using which patients can share anonymously all treatment given by that doctor, suggested medicines,? ; What is the warranty period of the Mi In-Ear Headphones Pro?What are some of the pros and cons of a Hillary Clinton presidency? ; What are pros and cons of Hillary Clinton?What are the best films that take place in one room? ; I want to get thrilled. Which movie should I watch?Is it normal if your sperm doesn't shoot out during ejaculation? ; How do I ensure that semen doesn't come out from my penis after I ejaculate?Which is the best coaching center for SSC and Banking in Chandigarh? ; Which are the best SSC and banking coaching centers in Chandigarh?What's the next number in the series 1,1,1,2,2,2,6,6,6? ; What would be the next number in the series-2,15,4,12,6,7? ...?What are the best things to do on Halloween? ; What do we need to have the best Halloween?I wish to start investing in Equity and Mutual Funds. Where should I open Demat account for best rates, transaction charges and so on? I am NRI. ; I am 17 and I want to invest money in stock market where should I start?Why do companies issue bonus shares? ; Why do company issue bonus shares?How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India? ; Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?What should I major in (College) that won't leave me unemployed (other than Engineering, Law, Medicine)? ; What should I do in a Group discussion when others keep fighting and won't let me talk even after I ask them to let me?Who are the best custom kiosk manufacturers in India? ; Who is the best manufacturer of customized kiosk in India?Are there any telescopes powerful enough to view evidence left behind from NASA's moon landings? ; Do we have telescopes powerful enough nowadays to see the man-made objects left on the moon by the Apollo missions, proving 100% that humans did in fact land there?Is there any architectural complex/center/forum/hub anywhere in the world? As a third space. ; Is there any online software available for calculating the time and space complexity of a Java program in Big O?How many keywords are there in AutoHotkey Scripting Programming Language in the latest version? ; How many keywords are there in AutoIt script programming language in the latest version?What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Ukraine? ; What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Mexico?What is the best source to learn stock market online? ; What is the best presentation software for you tube video making (both paid and free)?Why does India sabotage and badmouth all economic projects which its neighbouring counries have in the world? ; Why does India always sabotage and badmouth all economic projects Pakistan have with other countries in the world?What does a wet vagina feel like for a man? ; Why does it feel like there is a ball in my vagina?Will Thursday Night Football increase ratings for CBS on Thursday nights rather than the Big Bang Theory? ; Why is The Big Bang Theory (TV series) so popular? Why is it so popular with mainstream viewers?How can I grow taller at 17? ; How can you increase your height?Have you ever been fired? ; Have you ever been fired? How did you deal with it?How on earth would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990 in the summer? ; How would I dress like a workout guru from the year 1990 in the summer?My girlfriend has stopped talking to me. What should I do? ; My girlfriend is not talking to me. What should I do?What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping? ; How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?What are the best interview questions ever asked? ; What are the best interview questions to ask?I trust people very quickly and as a result always have been betrayed? What do I do not to trust people and still hold the relation simple? ; Do you think trusting other people is wise enough after being betrayed by someone else?Who are the best headhunters in Mumbai? ; Who are the best headhunters?What is the DHP vaccine for dogs for? Is it necessary? ; Can rabies vaccine for humans be used for dog?What are the differences between Asia and Africa? What are the similarities? ; What is difference between Cableway and Ropeway?Has wizard magic been scientifically tested? ; Have mages been scientifically tested?Why is contract law important? ; Why is maritime law so important?When will moto G3 (Moto G 3rd gen 2015) get Android 7.0 (Nougat) update? ; How long will I get OS updates on moto g3?Prove that SNR of power = (SNR of voltage) sequare? ; Do you get paid when you do fight companions on the JRE or is it just for fun/exposure?What are the best riddles by the Riddler (Batman)? ; Who was the best villain in the Nolan Batman films?Why there is so much nudity content in Game of Thrones? ; Why is there so much nudity in the Game of Thrones TV Series?How can I get followers and comments on my blog? ; How can i get more follower on my blog?I have only 2 months for my CA CPT exams how do I prepare? ; I want to crack CA CPT in 2 months. How should I study?What programming language should I learn if I want to do a 2D MMORPG game? ; Which programming language should I learn if I want to develop gaming apps?What is your view on the recent demonetization in India? ; What are your views on demonetization of ₹500 & ₹1000 notes in India?Why was cyrus mistry removed? ; Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?How do you cancel USAA auto insurance? ; Auto insurance Broker fee in CALIFORNIA?Why have I been so angry lately? ; Why am I so angry?How do you form a hypothesis, since you haven't done any testing and don't have any test results yet? ; Why do people who have done master's degrees in any field advise you not to do a master's?What are the consequences of trolling? ; What are some consequences of blackouts?I am frightened of Arvind kejriwal, he may kill me, What shall I do? ; What is the risk of selling bitcoin and accepting credit card payment?What disadvantages do Apple computers/laptops have over other brands? ; Why do so many people in the US have an Apple-branded phone or laptop?What is the first moment you remember in your Life? ; What is the very first thing you remember in your life?What can I do after completing BDS? ; What can we do after completing BDs?Does all Muslims hate Narendra Modi? ; Why Muslims hate Modi government?I'm 18. What should I do? ; What can I do when I'm 18?What are some really good and famous romantic comedy movies? ; What are the best romantic comedy movies?How realistic is it to get a second bachelors degree in Math as an international student holding a first bachelors degree in Accounnting? ; A baby lion raised domestic to the age of 4 ( human years) can survive if he would be released in the wild?How is it possible to believe in the Old Testament in which there is just one God and at the same time believe in Trinity? ; Searching practical application of 6 bit adc?How should I start meditating? ; How should I start meditating, and when?Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion? ; Is the potential energy of vacuum energy, virtual particles and/or dark energy infinite? NO MERGEIs Bihar really developing under mahagathbandhan sarkar? ; Is Bihar developing under the leadership of Chief Minister Nitish Kumar?How can homeopathic medicine not have side-effects? ; What are the side effects of homeopathic medicines?How do you determine what's a good investment brokerage and what's not? ; Which is best music player under 5000 inr?What is the scope of supply chain management in India? ; What is the future scope for procurement, logistics, operations and supply chain management?Are the number of pistons equal to number of number of cylinders? ; How do I join WikiLeaks?Should you post picture on social media? ; Should you post pictures on social media?Can we control our actions in a dream? ; Can we control our dreams? Can we dream what we wanna dream about?How did you managed long distance relationship? ; How can long distance relationships be successful?What are the chances that I could just ask a rich person for a million dollars and actually have them give it to me? ; I'm 26 and just hit 4 million dollars. I'm shooting for 40 by 35. Am I wrong thinking that living in the most expensive area of the country will give me better opportunities?What happened to Hong Kong movies and TV drama? Why did they decline so much? ; Will British citizens be allowed to move to the EU and live there after Brexit happens?Did Trump win the election? ; Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?What are the best wallpaper apps for iPhones? ; What's the best iPhone wallpaper?How do I deactivate the app "App Lock"? ; How do I recover the photos in app lock vault in an Android mobile?In what format should I send book for printing? ; Online test centers business?Why does the caste system still exist in India? ; Why does the caste system exist in India even after 7 decades of Independence?How do I get a boyfriend for age 13? ; How can I get a boyfriend at age 13?What is rank at 550 marks in NEET 2016? ; What will be my rank in NEET 2016 if my marks is 391?Is the dynamic/flexi-pricing harsh on middle class people? ; SEO or SMO which help to get more business?Can I overdraft my Wells Fargo account? ; What is Wells Fargo's overdraft policy?What are some new marketing techniques for language schools? ; What are marketing techniques for language schools?How much do olympic gold medalists earn? ; How much does an Olympic gold medalist earn in China?What are the easy ways to earn money online? ; How can I earn money on internet?What is reactance in a capacitor? ; What is the reason behind the reactance of a capacitor?Is it true that the cost of living in SV and the Bay Area is so high that new grads making 150k+ have a hard time finding affordable housing? ; Does Amazon.com reduce the cost of living in high-cost-of-living areas like Silicon Valley?What's the best school in the world? ; What are the best schools in the world to study cinema?Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia? ; Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Austria?What is value of 0? ; Why does zero factorial (0!) equal one (1)?Which are the best part-time jobs to do in Bangalore? ; What are the best part time jobs we can do in Bangalore?How do I become an attractive girl? ; How do you become pretty/attractive?What are some of the best music albums ever? ; What is regarded as the best music album?Realistically speaking, what would happen to the USA if Donald Trump wins Presidency in the 2016 elections? ; Why is Donald Trump supported so much? What will happen if he wins the election?What are symptoms of autism in kids? ; What are the symptoms of autism in girls?What's it like to be a non-smoking mother of smoking children? ; What's it like to be non-smoking mother of the smoking children?What is life without dreams? ; Is life a dream or reality?How comfortably can I live in Washington DC on a $80,000 salary? ; Can I live comfortably in DC on $80,000 - $114,000 salary?How do you find out if a girl has a boyfriend? ; How do I tell if a girl has a boyfriend?What are health benefits of red lentils? ; What are the benefits of eating avocado?What are some math related working models for class 10th? ; How can I make a working model on maths?How could I gain weight in a healthy way? ; How can I gain healthy weight and mass?What kind of animal did this? ; What kind of animal are you?How does Anil Ambani benefit from Rafel fighter jet deal? ; What is bought more online?Is YouTube Red's offline feature as good as downloading the video itself? ; Is it possible to still have a decent credit rating after chapter 7?How do I know if my spouse is my soulmate? ; How can I know that he is my soulmate?How do I get to be a people person? ; How should I be a people person?How does a long distance relationship work? ; Do long distance relationships work?HOw do I speak Fluent English? ; How can I understand english?Considering your position as Secretary of State gave you insight into the US's drone program, what will you do to reform the targeting process? ; What was your biggest challenge as Secretary of State?What exactly is MIKE2.0 (in layman's terms)? ; What exactly is a framework, in layman's terms?Why don't buffalo and the like evolve to band together against lions and cheetahs instead of run away? ; Does okha express provide food?Where can I find a hacker for good cause? ; Where can I find a good hacker?How can I change my snapdeal account's mobile number? ; How do I change the registered mobile number for the DBS bank account?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at S & T Bank? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at AT&T?What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Cuba's? ; What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Bolivia's?How did Lucifer and Gabrielle relate to each other? ; How do the roles of the CIA, the NSC, and other related organizations differ from each other, and relate to each other, now and in the past?What are some good movies to watch? ; What are the best movies to watch?How do I install Cydia without jailbreak on iOS 9.3.5.? ; Can you download Cydia on your device without jailbreaking it?What can I do to get a job at Microsoft? ; How do I get job in Google or Microsoft?Why is 'fahrenheit 451'  perceived as dystopia? ; Fahrenheit 451 (1953 book): What is Guy Montag's namesake?What is your review of Love in Thoughts (2004 movie)? ; What is your review of Love on the Rocks (2004 movie)?Is it physically possible to travel back in time? ; Is it possible to travel back or forward in time?Why am I only awkward with some people but not others? ; Why do we get sea breezes in summer but rarely in winter?How do I recover deleted messages in Facebook? ; How do I recover deleted Facebook messages?How is the compensation system in Uber? ; Customer Service: What is Uber's phone number?Is it feasible for Flipkart to offer an EMI on debit cards? What are the different factors involved? ; Is there any way to purchase a phone on EMI via Flipkart with only a debit card? How?How do I define tasks vs milestones vs deliverables in an agile scrum methodology? ; What is Agile and Scrum model?Life can be boring. What to do? ; My life is boring. What can I do?Where can I buy meldonium in Canada? ; Where can I buy meldonium in the U.S.?What would be a cool way to commit suicide? ; What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?I accidentally took my blood pressure medicine twice, will I be ok? ; Is 100/76 ok blood pressure?Do you have any paranormal experience? ; What are your best paranormal experiences?Which 2G Band (900/1800Mhz) was sold during 2G spectrum scam? ; What exactly is the "Vyapam" scam? Why have so many died because of it?I am a straight A student but have no motivation or will whatsoever to go to school. Can someone help me fight this? ; My fiancée died recently and it pains my heart, how do I learn to cope with this?Which is the best shares to purchase and sale daily trading? ; In Sydney, which company would be the best to get advice for Business Sales & Purchases?I and my girlfriends private partstouched each other.can she become pregenant? ; Why most of the cosmetic products don't have price tags?Could we use cherenkov atmosphere radiation (with gamma rays or similar) to image the surface of a planet from here with ground based telescopes? ; Can we map the surface (and the subsurface) of a planet using cosmic rays or very high frequency gamma rays with ground based telescopes?What is a good song for lyric prank? ; Diving the Blue Hole in Dahab?How can I convert raw files to JPEG in photos in a MacBook? ; How do you convert raw files to JPEG?What is the best age to teach a child how to swim? ; When is a good time to teach your children how to swim?Which is less healthy for your body, beer or Pepsi? ; Which is less healthy for your body light beer or Pepsi?Where can I find my mentor? ; Where can I find a willing mentor?What would cause an AMP to cut out? ; What would cause an AMP to cut out? How do you fix it?How do I score good marks in mathematics? ; How do I score good marks in mathematics (9 cbse)?Why does Facebook Messenger use long polling over WebSockets? ; Does Facebook messenger use long polling or websockets?What are the chances of ww3? ; Is there any possibility of a WW3?Is there some way to identify genuine JBL speakers, as fake JBL speakers are also sold in market? ; I am planning to buy a portable Bluetooth speaker under 10k INR. I am confused between the JBL Flip 2, JBL Charge and JBL Pulse. Any reviews?I took some moocs before college and now I feel like college is horrid, what do I do? ; Is Toshiba Satellite C50-A547 good for runing games?What are the application of binary search trees? ; What are the applications of binary search trees?What are the differences between Hindustani classical music and Carnatic music? ; What is the difference between thaats and ragas in Hindustani classical music?How can we solve the issue of kashmir? ; Why nothing is done to solve Kashmir issue?Do you think of mathematics as art or science? ; Is math an art or a science?Is scientology a fraud? ; Is Scientology bullshit?Who will win the 2016 presidential election? ; Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?Why did Polyvore remove Pasha Sadri as CEO and replace him with head of product, Jess Lee? ; I own a multinational company worth $450 million dollars, and I want to prepare my son to be the future CEO. What should I advise him?Which is the best book to understand special relativity? ; What is the best book for self-learning Special and General Theory of Relativity. What are some beginner and advanced level books on these topics?How does specific heat and heat capacity differ? ; Is heat capacity the same as specific heat?What are Plan A and Plan B in Interstellar? ; When Voldemort is resurrected in Book 4, he was saying to the Death Eaters that his most loyal servant is doing his job at Hogwarts. To whom was he referring: Severus Snape or Barty Crouch Jr., as Mad-Eye?What are some interesting things to do when bored? ; What should I do if I'm badly bored?What is the gross salary if IDA mentioned is 16400? ; What does an IDA pay scale basic pay of 9,760 rupees open ended +3% increment mean? What will be the gross salary from that basic pay?Which book should I prefer for maths class12 preparation ..NCERT or Elements? (with just a month left for boards)? ; Can Biological Complexity be Computed to a particular mathematical value and is it irreducible?Movie Review: What is your review of Aamir Khan's Dangal (2016 movie)? ; What is your honest review of Dangal (2016 movie)?What do you think about the movie, "Interstellar"? ; What do you think about the movie Interstellar?What goes through a guy's mind when he touches his girlfriend's ass? ; Why does a man raise his hand at his wife/girlfriend? What goes through his mind?From my symptoms, how do I decide if I have a urinary tract infection? ; What causes the burning sensation in a urinary tract infection?What food should I eat to gain weight? ; How could I gain weight in a healthy way?Does Stripe or Square-Up act as an "agent" to process money transfer or do they also come under the payment processor license in USA? ; Is a license needed to operate as a payment processor like Square?How can I tell if someone has unfollowed me on Facebook? ; If someone unfollows me, does that affect chat order on Facebook?Are most blind people completely blind? ; Are most blind people fully blind?Which Indian politician do you admire the most? Why? ; Which indian politician do you hate the most?What is the probability of an event certain to occur? ; Is it true that the probability of an event occurring ALWAYS is zero?How does someone knows they have social anxiety? ; How do I know if I have social anxiety?How did Man Bai, Jahangir's wife die? ; How did T.I.'s daughter die? When did it happen?I need a Biology IA (Individual Investigation) topic, Im desperate so can I have a topic and not tips? ; What are some interesting biology high school research topics?I am an Indian, planning to go to US for MS (a STEM course) this January. If Trump wins, how will that affect my future in US? ; How is Trump becoming the president affect the Indians applying for an MS in the US (Mech)?What hotel in Shimla Hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? ; What hotel in Dehradun Hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?Is world societies moving towards rational love contract? ; Other than humans, what are some examples of the smartest mammals?Is evolution real? How has this been proven? ; What are the different ways in which evolution has been proven to be real?Who are the worst actors in Hindi movies? ; Bollywood: Which is currently the worst Bollywood movie?What is the best way to learn Data structures and algorithms from scratch? ; How do I start learning or strengthen my knowledge of data structures and algorithms?What are some exothermic examples in everyday life? ; What are some endothermic and exothermic reactions examples in everyday life?Is the US Constitution considered to be a living document? If so, why? ; What makes the US Constitution a living document?How do I see people I unfollow on Instagram? ; How do I know why I was blocked from Instagram?What is the responsibility of SAP ERP key user? ; What is a qualified SAP ERP key user?Is it theoretically possible to travel a light year in under one year due to length contraction and other relativistic effects? ; How strong does the gravity has to be in a dying star to make atoms dissapear?What revenue do I need to raise in order to sell my company for 1 million dollars? ; What are the advantages of growing up wealthy (in the top 1%)?How do I fill pan card application online? ; How do I apply for a PAN card?What makes you believe that "Everything happens for a good reason"? ; Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?Which is better GTA5 or Watch Dogs? ; In Watch Dogs 2 video game, could you put an APB on a cop?What are the best things to learn in life? ; What is the best thing we learned from our life?What is iodimetric titration and how is it different from iodometric titration? ; Why are pipettes used for titration?Can a sociopath have many psychopathic traits? ; Can you be a sociopath with more psychopathic traits?How could Quora attract initial users? ; When did Quora start and how did it attract users?What would Ned have done if Jon looked like Rhaegar? ; What if Jon Snow inherited the Targaryens' look not the Starks'? Ned would be forced to admit he was lying about Jon being his bastard; how would this change the plot for the whole RR story?I search for someone who is definitely on Snapchat but when I add them I get a message that they couldn't be found. Why? ; On Snapchat, someone blocked me, but still shows up in my added me section, but Snapchat still won't allow me to add them. What’s going on?What is the shopping mall of the future? ; What will shopping malls be like in the future?What was Napoleon trying to achieve; what were his goals? ; What were the greatest achievements of the Persian Empire?How do I retrieve texts from a number I blocked? ; How do I block my phone number in a text message?Where can I get very reasonable price for men's shoes in Sydney? ; In Sydney, where can I buy stylish & customized men's shoes?If I comment on a private Instagram will my followers see it? ; If I follow a notification link to my comment, how do I now see the answer that I was commenting on?What is white hat SEO? ; What is white-hat SEO?CPA for real estate campaign? ; What are the qualities an Indian must have to get admission in American universities for PG?What are some good blogs on Quora? ; What are some of the best blogs for articles on Quora?How can I be like Jake Williams? ; What does Jake Williams think about Jake Williams?Why doesn't FiveThirtyEight open source their election prediction model? ; Everyone I've come across doesn't like Donald Trump. Then why do people still predict that he will win the US election?Trading opportunities in srilanka? ; What should I do to finding a job in finance field?How long does WhatsApp keep the delivered data like images or etc. in the server? ; How do I share GIF images in WhatsApp without converting the GIF into a video?What is the best structure for a Marketing Department in an Internet Company? ; What's the best structure for an Indian digital marketing company to operate in Singapore?What does a neuroscientist do? What kind of a job will a neuroscience graduate get abroad? What are some of the subfields in neuroscience? ; Is it possible to get into a neuroscience graduate program with a GRE of 316?Do Indian girls use dildos? What kind of dildo? ; What is the size of the biggest dildo?What would be the ideal Bruce Springsteen set list? Assume it has 20 songs including the encore. ; Bruce Springsteen (musician): Who is the chicken man in philly?What is the average salary of a physician in india? ; What is the salary of a doctor in India?I am 23, female. I have heavier upper body.But my legs and hip area are quite slim. What is my body shape?what exercise are some exercises for upper body? ; Why am I able to do a finger pushup after training upper body and forearms?Where can I get free books to read or download? ; Where can I get free books?Which country is the easiest to find a job as an international student? ; How many maximum number of rounds are of nift counselling?If I hacked into the NSA and Pentagon and dumped all their files, (1) how big would the manhunt for me be; (2) would it finally open the eyes of the public, and; (3) how would I be seen by the hacker circle? ; We are maintaining our data as a flat file in server. What are the ways handled by hackers to open the flat file?What are the best winter jackets for temperature of -10 and where can I get them in Coimbatore? ; Are there any winter jackets that can be worn in the summer?Who is the better batsmen , virat kohli or joe root? ; Who is a better player among the two- Virat Kohli or Joe Root?How many pullups can an average person do? ; How many photos a day does an average person take with their phone.?Did Trump win the election? ; What do you think of Trump winning the elections?Do people show-off on Facebook? If yes, why? ; What is the best way to deal with "show-off" people?Is it safe During pregnent sex? ; Do some women really squirt during sex? is it safe to consume the vaginal fluids?How did you learn java? ; How do I learn Java internals?What are symptoms of low sperm count? ; What are the causes of low sperm count?What makes India different from the rest of the world? ; What makes India different from all other countries in the world?How is the word 'anachronism' used in sentences? ; How is the word 'inarticulate' used in a sentence?As a freshman, how do you promote an app for free? ; How do you promote your app for free?What is your review of Crystal IT? ; What is your review of The Crystal Method?What color does mixing green and blue make? ; How can I make the color aqua using other colors?Should I vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? ; Why should I not vote for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?Do girls love blowjobs? ; Why do some people enjoy giving blowjobs?Why does Dubai Police drive fast car? ; Why do the Dubai Police have super cars?How do you know if your guinea pig is pregnant? ; How do you care for guinea pigs?What are eps files for? ; As a prospective ECE or mechanical engineer, I know that I must take HL Math and Physics, but should my third HL subject be, chemistry, CS or Econ?How do you draw an angel step-by-step? ; How do you draw a cat step-by-step?What is the difference between stem cells and differentiated cells? ; What is the difference between 'pluripotent', 'multipotent' and 'totipotent' (stem) cells?Is multiple domains on one website bad for seo? ; What is the better option for SEO. The use of multiple websites spread over several domains, or one single domain?My CRS score is 469. What are my chances of getting Canada PR? ; I am planning to apply for Canada PR. What are my chances?How do micro ATMs work? Which bank introduced them in India? ; What is the best time to withdraw money from working ATM in present India?What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for São Tomé and Príncipe? ; What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for Belarus?Are there Serbs today who don't hate Albanians? ; Why do Serbs like Russians?Can you dream while awake? ; Can people dream while they are awake?What is the solution to this problem? ; What is the solution for the below problem?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Lindenwood University? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Eastern University?Can I do meditation all day long? Does it help to improve my motivation? ; Does meditation really help in controlling thoughts? How can I do it on my own?How's life going? ; How is your life going?Quora: How do you post a question on Quora? ; What are the best ways to ask a question on Quora?What are the benefits of learning another language? ; What are the benefits of learning a third language?What are disaccharides? What are examples of disaccharides? ; What are some examples of disaccharides?Why did the Umayyad Caliphate fall? What could have been done to avoid his fall? ; History of Islam: Why did the Umayyad Caliphate invade Christian territory?"Every one is unique in this world", what are the best ways to find my uniqueness? ; How do i prevent other people in this world to use similar name like me? Is there any way that i can protect my unique name as My IP assets?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Jackson State? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Morehead State?How can I hack a WhatsApp account? ; How can I hack another WhatsApp account?What is the best IT field for freshers? ; What is the best IT field to get in for a fresher?Where could be a safe place to have sex with girlfriend? ; Is it legal to have sex in your car in India?Has an amazing coincidence ever happened to you? ; What's the biggest coincidence that has ever happened to you?Why doesn't Google buy Quora? ; Will Google buy Quora?How do I determine the side of latent strabismus using cover uncover test? ; Which will heal faster, a cut which is covered or uncovered?Does a Lab/Terrier mix shed a lot? If so, how can this be treated? ; Does a Husky/Cocker Spaniel mix shed? If so, what is the best treatment for this?How do we account for transgender people if gender is socially constructed? ; If society reversed gender roles would transgender people be the same people or different people?Did Jesus like bananas? ; Why is Jesus named Jesus?Is it true that the USA dropped more bombs on Laos during the Secret War than the total amount of bombs dropped on Europe during World War 2? ; What were some realistic alternatives to ending World War 2 with Japan's unconditional surrender but without dropping the A-bombs?How do you get an Internet browser on Roku? ; How can you use Roku to browse the internet?What is the shortcut key of subscript and superscript in Excel? ; How do I select all the text in a cell in Excel? What is the keyboard shortcut?What is the weirdest or most disturbing thing that a kid has said? ; What is the creepiest thing your spouse has ever done?How can we improve the education system for high school and college? ; How can you improve high school education?How do I create a strong password? ; How does one create a strong password? Any tips?Do aliens really exist? If so ,do we have an evidence for it? ; Do aliens really exists? If yes then where?How do I find a hacker? ; How does one become a hacker?Who were the Aztec? ; Who were the Aztec Gods?Why do we need to study? ; Why we need study?How long is the recovery time after wisdom teeth removal? ; Why is it important to rinse with salt water after getting wisdom teeth removed?What were Hillary Clinton's positive achievements as Secretary of State? ; What is Hillary Clinton's greatest achievement as a Secretary of State?What is the difference between growth and development? ; How do growth and development contrast?How can I improve my english language skills? I am basically from gujarati background. ; How do I improve my vocabulary and English speaking skills? I am a 22 year old software engineer and come from a Telugu medium background. I am able to write well, but my speaking skills are poor.How can I get a chance to meet Mr. Narendra Modi? ; How can I meet Modi?What is an example of a thriving society (past or present) with tiny government? ; Has there ever been a country run on libertarianism?What kind of reproductive organs do transgender people have? ; How do you view transgender people?What is it like working in Indian Army? ; What is it like to work in the Indian Army?What is the best way for a native Chinese speaker to learn English? ; How can I learn English well as a Chinese student？?Why do people belive in god? ; Why do people believe in God? What is the real faith in God? How do you believe God?Java program that takes two file names as input and joins the lines from the two files based on a given join field? ; How do I print a new line in the file using FileWriter in Java?What was the first music video ever produced? ; Has a fan made music video ever been released as the official music video for a song?What if you find a metro pcs phone with a pattern lock? ; Can I get my Sprint phone to work for Metro PCS?Is fried food unhealthy? ; Is pan fried food unhealthy?Where can one get the English audio tracks for movies? ; Is it possible to find the "English audio file" of a movie? If possible, in which website can we get them?What is it like to attend the University of Waterloo as graduate? ; What is it like to be a freshman at the University of Waterloo?I'm 23year old & 5ft girl weighing 60kg & my fats are mainly concentrated in my tummy, thighs and hips. How and what exercises should I follow? ; How can I lose or reduce thigh and hip fat fast?How do you compare and contrast the properties of acids and bases? ; How can you compare and contrast base and acid?Working in IT as a support analyst for 2.5 years, graduated from Civil engineering, is MIS the correct option for Masters as it combines Management? ; I am an civil engineering graduate with 2 years of experience in IT as a Support Analyst. I am not sure whether to pursue a master's in engineering management (MEM) or a master's in Information systems (MIS). What are the factors I should consider before I make my choice?What is the best way to do SEO in 2016? ; How can I do SEO 2016?What defines happiness for you? ; What defines happiness?What would a male Neanderthal think of a modern woman? ; I am a female what would a Neanderthal male think of me?Walking 3 km daily for 60 days will lead to how much weight loss? ; How do I lose weight and gain muscle?What is literally the most fastest way to make money? ; What are fast ways to make money?How do you edit your Quora profile? ; How do I edit my profile?What are the ten best short stories written by Isaac Asimov? ; What is your favourite story by Isaac Asimov?Do women like men who wear cock rings? ; Do women like seeing men ejaculating?How can I start my own Minecraft Youtube Channel? ; What should I do to stand out when starting a YouTube channel?Do other cars taunt you while you are driving in public?  ; Why should we turn off the lights inside the car while driving?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Appling County GA? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Heard County GA?Where are some fish spas in Malacca / Melaka? ; What is the Best place in kuala lumpur for cheap Shopping?What can one do to relieve severe chronic pain? ; What has worked for you to help relieve chronic pain?What can I do to improve my English speaking? ; How can I improve my spoken English?What are some of the best history podcasts? ; What is the best podcast in history?Do Muslim in India, especially in Gujarat,India hate(still) Narendra Modi? ; Why do some Indian Muslims hate Narendra Modi?What are some benefits of being close friends with a lawyer? ; What are some benefits of being close friends with a professor?I'm a big guy. When I get angry, people get scared and accuse me of threatening them. How do I stop this? I'm not actually a violent person. ; I block people when I'm angry. I refuse to talk to them. Why do I get angry for such small things?Who really did frame Roger Rabbit? ; What is the theme of Who Framed Roger Rabbit?Have you ever encountered any alien? Please be true.Do not make a story. ; Have you encountered an alien? What happened?What are top 5 things I should definitely not do when I am flying? ; What are the top 5 things I should definitely not do when I am on a flight?Bollywood: what is the worst film dialogue ever from a superhit hindi movie? ; What are some of the worst movies of Bollywood?How can I recover my Hotmail password? ; How do I recover my Hotmail password?Is this the real life or is this some fantasy? ; Queen (band): Is this the real life, or is this just fantasy?What are the most interesting products and innovations that Triumph Bank is coming out with in 2016? ; What are the most interesting products and innovations that M&T Bank is coming out with in 2016?Is it easy to get a job in European countries like Sweden or Denmark for an Indian engineer on a working visa? ; Is it easy to get part time job in Sweden?What is the (true) nature of reality? ; What is the ultimate truth that no one can deny?When did nationalism appear and how much does it affect the world now? ; Do you ever feel that your future holds no excitement/happiness for you, things will always be at mediocre level?What are the best peaceful locations in India for holiday? ; Which are the best places for the holidays in India?What license do I need for starting manufacturing of herbal diet products? ; What norms need to be followed for the manufacturing and production of an extension board and where do I find written copies for the same?What is my GPA if I have scored 65% in my 11th std CBSE? ; Why is Persian word “ذليل” meaning ‘a Muslim’ translated incorrectly on Microsoft Translator? Is it intentional or careless?What is Do's mission? ; What is your mission in life?What are the easiest ways to improve business practices? ; I am an international student and I am going to Harvard for the summer. How likely is it that my F1 visa will be rejected?How do I learn Python systematically? ; Starting with no programming experience, how long will it take to learn Python 3?How do I know that a guy likes you? ; How can you tell if a guy likes you or not?What are good questions for you to ask an interviewer? ; What questions should a job candidate ask the interviewer?How can I pass the HP0-M40 exam? ; How can I pass the HP0-M33 exam?I have a 3d printer. How can I make money off it? ; How can I make money with my 3d printer?How much does it cost to develop app like Zomato? ; What does it cost to develop an app like Zomato Order?Why do so may people ask questions on Quora that can easily be found by a simple Google searh? ; Why do people find it easier to stage simple questions on Quora rather than spending a few minutes on the Internet to find straight answers?Which languages have been profoundly affected by Low German? ; Which languages have been most profoundly affected by Low German?What are the applications of the MEAN Stack in web programming ? ; What is the meaning and uses of "hello"?Is it worth it to work as an application support engineer intern at Microsoft? ; What is the salary for a Software Engineering Intern at Microsoft in 2014?Who are you a role model for? ; Who is your role model?I told my classmate my essay topic, and she wrote her essay on that topic. Now we have very similar essays, will we both be accused of plagiarizing? ; Would it be considered plagiarism if I ask someone on Quora to proofread my Spanish essay and submit that proofread version to my teacher?Complete the sentence: My mother is ______? ; What is the smallest complete sentence?What's the reason India fails in Olympics? ; Why is India failing so miserably at the Rio Olympics?What and where are the sweet red wine stores available in hyderabad? ; What is a good white wine sweetness scale?Should I buy this new laptop or not? ; Should I buy a new laptop?What exactly does it mean when you say the universe is "expanding"? Does the planck-length get bigger? How can there be more space between objects? ; If the universe is "expanding", is my room expanding? Are atoms expanding? Is everything expanding?What is triloca.com? ; What does Kakigarden.com do?In what ratio does a child inherit their father's and mother's genetic traits? ; What name did you save your dad/mum's number with?How do I plan a 4 day trip to Goa? ; How can I plan a 3 days/3 nights trip to Goa?Which processor is faster and better for battery between Octa core, 1.7 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6752 and Quad core, 1.4 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916? ; Which one is a better processor: 1.8 GHz Intel quad core or a 1.7 GHz Snapdragon Octacor?How can I disable checkpoint in Endpoint Security firewall? ; I have an updated paid firewall/virus scanner and I do not use unprotected public WiFi. How do I make myself more secure?Was Dhoni's decision to give up captaincy good for India? Yes No He should have retired? ; Polished vitrified tiles?What will happen to EU citizens in UK after brexit? ; What's going to happen to EU citizens in the UK if the UK leaves the European Union after a 2016 referendum?What are the minimum GPA and GRE requirements of Florida State University? ; What are the minimum GPA and  GRE requirements of Florida State University?Why does temperature decrease when altitude increases? ; Why does temperature decrease with increase in altitude?Mountain Climbing: Can anyone climb Mount Everest? ; Can I climb mount Everest without any previous mountaineering experience?What's a good place to buy laptop bags in Bangalore? ; Can you recommend a place in Berlin to buy laptop bag?Can Fedevel academy teach me to make a modern PCB? ; Has anyone taken any course from Fedevel academy for PCB design?What are some of the best jokes you've ever heard? ; What is the most funny joke you have ever heard?Why is Sachin Tendulkar resisting to come on the The Kapil Sharma Show? ; How do you feel when someone points out your mistake?How come there are no depictions of the massacres Islam inflicted on India? ; How come there are no depictions of the massacres inflicted by Islam on India.?What are the best soccer goals that "you've never seen"? ; What are the best goals scored in soccer?How Can I impress a girl who hate me? ; How can impress a girl who hate me?What is it like to live in the big cities of Jamaica compared to the ones in Brazil? ; What is it like to live in the big cities of Jamaica compared to the ones in Mexico?How long will it take to have clear vision after lasik laser surgery? ; Is it possible to go from having a low IQ to having a high IQ, if so how?Which is a suitable solar panel installation provider near South Gate, California CA? ; Which is a good solar panel installation provider near Stinson Beach, California CA?Why are black women not regarded as attractive as Asian or Latin women, even though they are more represented in the media? ; Do white women find Asian men attractive?How can I improve my pronunciation in English? ; How can I improve my English pronunciation?How do you say 1<x<2? ; What is the best way to say 1?Why did humans come into existence? ; Why did humans come to existence?In Japanese, how do you say "darkness"? ; How does one say "oh my god" in Japanese?Why do Trump supporters believe that Donald Trump can get his platform through congress? ; Why don't I know any supporters of Donald Trump?What are some common examples of solid matter? ; What are the most common examples of solid matter?My parents give me "advice" and they get really mad if I dont take it… What am I supposed to do? ; What is the best advice for giving others an advice?Is there a special dish/food from your home country that your family has incorporated into the traditional American Thanksgiving meal? ; When did Thanksgiving begin? When was it established as a national Holiday in the United States? Do other countries recognize Thanksgiving?How should I get motivated to hit the gym every day? ; How can I keep myself motivated to hit the gym everyday?What is the the best free wordpress theme for oniline printing shop? ; Under either candidate as president, is the US is relinquishing its postwar leadership in opening markets worldwide to China?Where can I get fantastic value in Sydney for floor tiles? ; Where can I get best quality wall and floor tiles at very affordable rates in Sydney area?Why do some old computer games run very fast on new, powerful computers? ; What is one key criteria or computer part that makes a computer fast for gaming?How can I continue using Uber if I change countries without changing my account? ; Can I use my Uber referral credit in some other countries? What if I refer someone in other country?For BITSAT & IIT JEE Mains 'theory', is NCERT sufficient? ; Is reading NCERT textbooks and solving model question papers good enough preparation to do well in BITSAT and JEE Mains?With anti-poor, anti-middle class laws like GST, land, labor reforms, is india going to become authoritarian like china? ; How do we let know the defence ministry of India to also focus on the Cyber Warfare like China and USA does, we have so many IITans with such good hacking and anti-hacking/firewalling skill?What are the best ways to learn to code in a short amount of time? ; How can I learn to code easily and efficiently in a short amount of time?What is the nicest thing that a complete stranger has ever done for you? ; What is the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?What are some good factors about democracy? ; What is something good about fascism that we would benefit from applying to our liberal democracies?What is the best gift you ever received? ; Which is the best gift that you have ever received?Who is the best teacher in life? ; Who are the best teachers of life?Why didn't Huma Abedin give the FBI immediate permission to examine the 650,000 Email? ; What is it like to grow up in a one bedroom apartment?If I become a millionaire should I tell families and friends? ; Should I tell people that I have become a millionaire?Are there any students from SJA Dehradun on Quora? ; Is a better translation of "exceptio probat regulum" "the exception tests the rule?"How can a 9th grader study for NTSE online? What are some good websites for assignments? ; How do I prepare for NTSE if presently studying in class 9th?Who is the best footballer? ; Who are the best footballer today?What is the name of the creepiest horror movie you've ever seen? Which was the scariest part? ; What is the scariest or creepiest movie you have ever seen?What would be the procedure if a major party nominee died before a general election? ; What would happen if the presidential nominee died before the November election?Will I spoil my smartphone if I keep it charging overnight regularly? ; How long does it take to full charge a smartphone?How does Keyhole fetch hash tag data from Facebook while there is no API available for this? ; Why are hash tags so important?Do Google glasses look super nerdy? If so, how might Google overcome this perception? ; What can Google do to turn Google Glass around?Were India and China part of Turkey at any point of time in world history? ; Who were the most powerful countries in the world at different points in history?What are the biggest regrets of your life? ; What's your biggest regret in life?What are the places to visit for a honeymoon in Kerala? ; What all places can one visit on a two day trip in Kerala, India?Have you ever experienced paranormal activities? ; Have you ever experienced any paranormal activity? Where and what actually happened?Would you share your deepest secret with your spouse? ; What is your secret that you can only share at Quora?What are your views on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes by the Indian Government? Pros cons? ; What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?What is the difference between "assessment" and "evaluation"? ; What is the difference between assessment and evaluation?What are the songs that make you feel happy? ; What are some songs that just make you happy?What is your review of No Such Thing (2001 movie)? ; What is your review of Friend (2001 movie)?Can you buy an Apple Watch without a watch band? ; Will existing Apple Watch bands work with Apple Watch 3 (2017), since I have expensive Apple Watch Bands including Link Bracelet and Classic Buckle?What was the last great decade for rock? ; Who would you pick as the best rock band of the last decade, 2005-2015?What countries are socialist? ; Are there any socialist countries left?What are the main differences between Microsoft Office 2013 and 2016 for Windows? ; What is the major difference between MS - Office 2007 and 2013?I wanted to start a e-grocery store in Kerala. So will any of the existing e-grocery stores in India will allow me to visit and study their office? ; If you needed to earn 1 million dollars within a year, what would you do?How can the landforms of the Canadian shield be described? ; What are the landforms of the Canadian Shield?Will Brexit really happen? ; Is Brexit likely to happen?How can we hack Wifi Passowrds? ; How do I can hack wifi?How did Portugal become and stay independent of Spain? What are the cultural narratives in Portuguese and Spanish histories? ; How did Portugal become an independent country from Spain?Who will probably win in the war between Pakistan and Iran? ; Who would win a *conventional* war between Iran and Pakistan right now?Why does magnetic field produce when current flows in a conductor? ; Why is a magnetic field produced when current flows through a conductor?Who were the most influential queens in history? ; Who is the most influential queen in history?How do we allocate memory for a structure and array in C? ; Are dynamic allocations of array allowed in C?How do I integrate [math]v^3(a^2-v^2)^{\frac{1}{2}}[/math] by substitution? ; How do I integrate [math]\frac{x^2}{x^2-1}[/math]?What is the latest age for a wisdom tooth to come out? ; My wisdom tooth is hurting but it has come out well and I floss there. So why is it hurting then?Any solutions for unable to upgrade access level for viewing to full transaction of SBI net banking? ; How much time does it take to upgrade the access level to full transaction rights in SBI online?Baking: How do I make cookies that are soft and chewy? ; How do you bake cookies without plain flour?What interests should I add on Omegle to get more girls? ; Omegle is not so famous among girls. Do girls know about or like Omegle?How can I stop overthinking everything in my relationship? ; How do I stop overthinking situations in my relationship?What is meant by "the language of a story"? ; What is meant by c language?What is my strategy for applying for Economics graduate school no research/internships? ; What are some important factors that keep bones healthy and strong?Why do I not lose weight when I throw up? ; What are the best ways to lose weight?How can I make money online in India? ; What's the easiest way to make money online?What are the differences between Chinese and western etiquettes? ; What are the differences between Chinese and western etiquette?Is keeping a old Rs. 500 or Rs. 1000 note as a memory is a crime? ; What were the security features of an old Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?What are some popular method to do suicide? ; Is there some painless way to suicide?Why do Capricorns pull away? ; What does love mean to Capricorns?What is the difference between 'das', 'der', 'die' and 'den' in the German language? ; German (language): What is the difference between "dem" and "den"?I am 36 year old divorced female. I seem incapable of fulfilling my dream of being married and having a family. Is there a way? ; Quora, may I have three million dollars to fulfill my dream within 4 years?Where can I get wonderful flavors on cupcakes in Gold Coast? ; Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?Why is Magical girl anime popular in South Korea? ; Why are fairy-themed magical girls rare in anime?What was Marc Srour like as a teenager? ; What is it like to be Marc Srour?Is time travel possible? If yes? How? ; Is time travel still theorized as being possible?Why is Hansie Cronje the greatest ever South African captain? ; What is it like to be a white South African?Can you use one Spotify premium account on multiple mobile devices? ; If I have a Spotify premium account on my iPhone, can my friend use it on his iPhone?What are the copyright laws around quotes? Can I take a quote, make it into a poster and sell it on Etsy? ; Why doesn't Microsoft take action on the millions of pirated copies of Windows?I am planning to join CTS (Cognizant), USA and heard these rumors that even if they promised, they don't apply for green cards for their employees. What are the facts behind this? ; I am a British Citizen with perm. residence in ZA. May I apply for the Green Card Lottery considering "natives of the UK are not eligible to apply"?Does anyone else have clear looking skin but if you squeeze your pores lots of white gunk "worms" come out? ; Why is my face sweating and I have smelly gunk comming out of the pores on my nose?How safe is it to use your real name on the internet? ; How safe is it to have your real name on the Internet?I own a personal website/blog. If I get decent traffic I want to make few bucks via ads. Does the law allow me to do this while being on H1B visa? ; My brother in law going to start a shop in NY. Can he apply for me as a worker of his shop to get H1b visa?What is the most spontaneous thing you have ever done? ; What is the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?Which book to use for preparing chemistry for neet? ; Which chemistry objective book is good for NEET 2017?How can I manage inbox in outlook for rapid response when I have a email flow of 200 emails per day? ; When it comes to mass email marketing, do you think a .com has a better chance of inboxing compared to a .net .us. info etc.?What are some good truth or dare questions to ask over text? ; What are the best questions to ask a girl while chatting?What is the purpose of double pulsing a thyristor? ; What is the purpose of life?How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes? ; How does the demonetized notes of 500 and 1000 effect the real estate?How many minutes does it take to soft boil an egg? ; Which is Better: Raw egg or Boiled egg?What should I do if my best friend is addicted to drugs? ; What is drug rehab like?How long does the USPS first class shipping take from Phoenix to Los Angeles? ; How long does it take to ship USPS to Hong Kong?I m bio student how I got admission in vits Vellore in biotechnology and I don't have math in 12? ; Kindly tell me whole process of admission at vits Vellore for biotech.i m a bio student in 12..I don't have math there?What is the life of mechanical engineers graduated from top colleges who didn't select in campus placemats? ; Why do many engineering graduates from top notch colleges such as IITs/NITs pursue an MBA immediately after graduation?What are my options for earning money online? ; What are some best ways to earn money online?What was a book that changed you? ; What is the one book that changed you?What are the things to consider when buying a new laptop? ; What are the things to be considered while buying a new laptop?Which is the best destination for honeymoon in December within a budget of INR 2 lakhs for a couple? ; Which is the best destination for honeymoon in december within a budget of INR 4 lakhs for a couple?Why would an ex follow me on social networks if he broke up with me? ; Why would my ex follow me on IG when we haven't spoken much since we broke up in 2012?How should I stop biting my nails? ; How can I stop biting my nails for good?How do I avoid looking like a tourist in Paris? ; How do I dress in Paris to avoid looking like a tourist?Presently (2015) how many articles, parts and schedules are there in the Indian Constitution? ; How many pages are there in the Indian constitution?What are good ways to earn online? ; How can I earn online with little investment?Is Trump a Manchurian President for Putin? ; Is President-elect Donald Trump President Putin's Trojan Horse?What are the benefits of completing IIT JEE after 12th? ; What do you think of Stephen A. Marglin's book "The Dismal Science: How Thinking Like an Economist Undermines Community"?What is (Ni) Introverted Intuition? ; What is Introverted Intuition?How do I plan a bridal shower party? ; How can I plan a bridal shower in another state?Why does the Indian education system suck? ; What is wrong with Indian engineering education system?What are the best pick up lines? ; How do I pick up a girl taller than me?Why do the Union territories of Puducherry and Delhi have their own assembly? ; Why do only the union territories of Delhi and Puducherry have chief ministers and not others?What is the story behind the Black Swan movie? ; What is the story behind the black swan in Swan Lake?Are there any jobs where I can combine my creative and tech minds? ; Is there any respectable job where I can sit and read and get paid good?How do I get mods for GTA v on my Xbox one? ; Can I play GTA 5 in Xbox 360 E?Is a third world war coming? ; Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?What is the best Advantage of using Quora? ; What is the benefit to Quora?What would Cersei do if Jon became king? ; What would Melisandre do if Jon became king?What is so special about Rolls Royce cars that they are only given to respected personalities? ; Are Rolls-Royce cars given only to reputed personalities?Why is the spine is seen as the axis of the universe in spirituality? How do you get mastery over the spine? ; How can you treat pain in the middle of your spine?What are the similarities and differences between chloroplasts and mitochondria? ; What is the difference between electrons in the mitochondria of an animal cell and mitochondria in the plant cell when cyanide is added?Where can I get the Jacket that Ranbir Kapoor is wearing in song 'Matargashti'? ; What is Ranbir Kapoor's beard style in iLahi Song from Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani?How long does a human need to die after drinking rat poison? ; How does a person detect if their weed was laced with rat poison?Why does Islam allow and encourage cousins to marry? Is this still in practice? ; Do cousins marry each other regularly in Islam?How do I know if my WhatsApp account has been hacked? ; How do I hack anyone's WhatsApp account by my mobile?What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? ; Is the Indian government's decision to illegalise 500 and 1000 rupee notes a masterstroke or a flawed plan?Are there any famous people with low IQ's? ; Who are some famous people with low IQs?Is there an archive app that lets you search the text in pictures? ; Could the study of meteorology be used (in part) to understand the development and movement patterns of cancer?What are some good places to visit in Kerala on tour? ; What are some good beaches to visit in Kerala?Can Donald Trump keep his campaign promises? ; What promises can Donald Trump keep?How come the media doesn't cover/talk about Trump alleged raping of a 13 yr old girl trial? ; Why doesn't the main stream media or Hillary talking about Trumps December trial for raping a 13 yo?Why does Locke decide to kill Bran Stark at Craster's Keep? ; Why did Locke try to kill or kidnap Bran Stark at Craster's keep?If you make $130,000/year in NYC, what is your take-home bi-weekly payment? ; Why is the take home salary on 100,000 gross so low in the U.S.?How do you treat acne scars? ; How do you treat acne?The Martian (2015 movie): Why couldn't Matt Damon grow more potatoes using the poop logic he used for the first time? ; How plausible is the science in The Martian?What is it like to have a brain close to the great librarian? ; What does it feel like to be working as a librarian?How does one make a blog? ; What is the best way to build a successful blog?What are the best substitutes for butter extracts? ; What are some good substitutes for butter beans?What is the difference between "UPLOAD"-"IMPORT" and "EXPORT"-"DOWNLOAD"? ; What does California import and export?How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M506x? ; How does the HP OfficeJet 4620 Airprint compare to the HP LaserJet Enterprise M606x?How do I get my company's website on the first page of Google? ; How do I get my website on the first page on Google [Search for specific Keyword] ?If you mother left you as a child but you stayed with your dad, what's the best way to find her? ; What is the best answer to "if you cant take care of my daughter, then why are you with her?"? Mind you, its coming from a sarcastic mother.What is the scope for a PHP developer in India? What are the MNC companies hiring PHP developers? ; Which are the MNC companies for PHP in India?What is the best method of losing weight? ; What are the best way of loose the weight?How do you get noticed? ; How can I get noticed in Bollywood?How can I learn node.js in a week? ; What is the best way of learning Node.js?What has been one of the best decisions of your life? ; What has been the best decision you've made in your life?Should we trust our political leaders? ; Should we take into account what others say or trust only our mind?Is Bashar Al Assad a psychopath? ; Where does Bashar Al Assad live?I am a Portuguese national and I want to move to Norway. Is it possible? ; I am 22 (working),I want to be cricketer because I enjoy cricket. Is it still possible for me to join cricket academy and get into national squad?What is it like teaching at universities in Abu Dhabi for Expats (Masdar, Khalifa, Petroleum inst)? ; What is the reason for Abu Dhabi (or the Sheikh) to build Masdar City?What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Martinique for the first time? ; What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Pakistan for the first time?Should India buy some lands from Nepal in order to widen Siliguri Corridor to get easy access to northeast India? ; Can Indian government swap some land area with Bangladesh so that the Chicken's neck corridor can be widened to 100+ kilometers?What are constant objects in C++? ; What is constants in C?How do you measure the IQ of a cat? ; How can you measure your IQ for free?A cab's flat rate is $6 at $0.75 per mile. How many miles could you travel if you only have $20 to spend? ; Suppose you paddle a canoe at a steady speed of 4 miles per hour. You go 6 miles downstream & upstream. What is the speed of the current?What type of government does Turkey have? How does it compare to the one in Wales? ; What type of government does Turkey have? How does it compare to the one in Poland?What is the most interesting fact that I know, but you don't, but I shouldn't? ; What is the most interesting fact that most people don't know about?Does Mexico have a wall on its southern border? ; Is it feasible to build a wall between the US and Mexico as Donald Trump claims he would do?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Sudan? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Pakistan?What are some core electronics companies in Pune where I can intern? ; What companies are doing core electronics work in Pune?What is a company to invest in vietnam? ; How do I get investment for a business in Vietnam?What was it like seeing a person of another race for the first time, unexpectedly? ; Do we have any first-hand accounts of people from the past seeing a person of another race for the first time in their lives? How do they react?What is Himalayan pink salt? Why is it better? ; What Himalayan salt is the best, and why?Which South American country is cheap to live? ; Which South American country is cheap to travel for a tourist?Should the US have a "None of the above" option for Presidential elections? ; Should voters be given a "None Of The Above" choice?If God created the world, who created God? ; Who created the "GOD"?what can i do to become fair? ; How can I become more white?Irrespective of cost which parker fountain pen is the best in looks and writing? ; How does a fountain pen work?In a turbine, why is the final enthalpy (of the working substance) in an actual process greater than that of an isentropic process? ; In a turbine, why is the final entropy in an actual process greater than that of an isentropic process?Why did Arnab Goswami quitted from Times Now? ; Why did Arnab Goswami resign as the Editor-in-Chief of Times Now?What's the best why to start up a cafe? ; What are requirements I would need to start my own cafe?Things to do in Hyderabad? ; What are the cool adventurous things to do in Hyderabad?Does the Sony Xperia Z5 white sides scratch easily? ; Does a Sony Xperia Z5 have a Gorilla Glass or Dragontrail on its front screen and back?What are the best apps for increasing vocabulary? ; What is the best Android app for advanced English learners to improve their vocabulary and grammar?Is downloading iTunes music onto a flashdrive illegal? ; Where is my downloaded iTunes music on my iPad?Who invented the middle finger bad gesture? How was it invented? ; Who invented the middle finger bad gesture?How can you calculate ionic and ionic net equations? ; How do you get the net ionic equation for HCO3+H2O?What are the best gifts to give a girlfriend in India? ; What are the best gifts to send to a girlfriend?Is it correct to say "please let me know if you need help" or must I use "whether"? ; If I want to say, "let me know if you can try something and finish doing it", is it correct to say "let me know if you could try it"?Are there any Republicans voting for Hillary Clinton? ; Are there any other republicans (here) who voted for Hillary Clinton?What physiological tricks are useful to know? ; What psychology hacks are useful to know?What is purpose of registering with dogs such as a Maltipoo at the AKC? ; How can you register a Maltipoo at the AKC?What is your most embarrassing moment in public? ; What has been your most embarrassing moment in front of a stranger?What's the coolest thing you can do with a computer? ; What are the coolest things you can do on a computer?Why don't we use conveyor belts to shorten airport runways? If this idea is new, does that mean it should at least be named after me, if not patented? ; How likely is that the US or Russia will elect someone insane enough to start a nuclear war (excluding Donald Trump)?How can I prepare for GATE without coaching? ; How did you prepare for the GATE without any coaching?Where is travencore state in India? ; What is state in constitution of India?What does the Tagalog word "salamat" mean in English? ; Tagalog: What does salamat po mean in English?What should be done to get rid of dandruff? ; How do I get rid of severe dandruff?Can anybody help me with Compare and contrast Haroun and Rashid character from story Haroun and the Sea of stories? ; I want to study biotechnology abroad what do I have to do?Why did Infosys reject a mass number of candidates from the 2014 passed out batches? ; When is the next batch of Infosys after 9 Jan 2016?Would Donald Trump be the worst president in US history? ; Is Donald trump going to be the worst president?Has anyone ever had their RFID passport hacked and their identity stolen? ; How are stolen passports used?Is ethics bullshit? ; Are ethics bullshit?How much did Ticketfly pay for WillCall? ; How much did Microsoft pay for LiveLoop?What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever? ; What are the best movies of Hollywood?What should you do if a cat scratches your eye? ; What should I do if I have a cat scratch under my eye?What if the whole world had only one religion, could we think the world can be at peace then? ; If the whole world were to follow only one religion, would it be more peaceful?How do I get rid of mosquitoes bites quickly? ; How do I get rid of mosquito bite marks?Did Tywin sleep with Shae out of pure spite? ; Why does Tywin sleep with Shae in A Storm of Swords?What is it like being the third or non-primary person in a polyamorous relationship? ; What is it like to be third-wheeled in a polyamorous relationship?Is NATO and CIA behind Turkey's failed coup, why Turkey purges NATO military envoys? ; Would NATO defend Turkey if Russia attacked?What are the most efficient programming algorithms to solve sudoku puzzles? ; What are some puzzles similar to Sudoku?Where can I get my MacBook motherboard repaired in Kolkata? ; Where can I get my MacBook R.A.M repaired in Kolkata?What is your theory of life? ; What are some theories of life?Are Nissan Sentras good cars? Why or why not? ; Should I get a Toyota Corolla, Honda Civic or Nissan Sentra as my first car? Consider all these in 2003-2007What are alternatives to healthprofs.com? ; What are some alternatives to thebetafamily.com?How likely is it for a black guy to date an Indian girl? ; Do black guys like to date Indian girls?What is mutual funds with examples? ; What is mutual fund all about?How do modern touchscreens work? ; Can touchscreens be used underwater?Which country is more technologically advanced; Germany or Japan? ; What are the best places to visit in Japan to get a feel for their latest technological advancements?Which are the best movies of 2016? ; Which was the best film of 2016?What are the proofs of quantum entanglement? ; What is quantum entanglement?Should I find a new piano teacher to replace my current one? ; I find it easy to do many tasks at a time but my parents and teachers advise me to do one thing at a time. Is my attitude right or should I change?What is the function of gear box? ; What is the advantges of a constant mesh gear box over the sliding mesh gear box?Should I worry about what people think about me? ; Should I ever care what people think of me?What is the difference between an UberX, Uber Black and Uber Taxi? ; How does Uber compare to taxis in New York City?How do I burn a dvd movie using windows 10? (PLEASE read description before answering) ; What are High pitch Bollywood music songs?Why is Quora claiming my questions need improvement? ; Why does Quora keep telling me my question needs improvement?Which comment do girls like the most? ; Did I do the right thing by breaking up the engagement with my girl friend? See the comment for detailsWhat are the differences between a B-tree and a B+ tree? ; What are the differences between B+Tree and B-Tree?What is the equation for calculating GDP at factor cost? ; What is the significance of calculating GDP at factor cost and GDP at producer prices?What universities does Limelight Networks recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Extreme Networks recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?In terms of reputation, can McGill University compare with the Ivy league? ; How much does it cost to fund Ivy League degree?What do you mean by financial statement analysis? ; What is the need for a financial statement analysis?How can you take the battery out of an iPhone 4? ; How do you take the battery off an iPhone 4?My name is inder in cerificate but now I try to fill an application form and there is last name required what can I do? ; During the Nazi occupation, what were the French school children taught?Which is the best laptop under 20k today? Fast & smooth. ; What is the best laptop I could buy under 20k?What are human impacts on biodiversity? ; What is the human impact on biodiversity?When you time travel, do you alter the time for all of universe or just the spot were you are? ; How did you feel when you travelled in an airplane for the first time?People needs rikshaw stands. Aren't you having trouble due to them? ; I want to move to IT but I don’t know programming nor do I want to do programming. Are there any other career paths?What type of wildlife are native to Turkey? ; What animals are native to the country Turkey?Do I need to notify the airline counter that I have a replica air pistol or rifle in my checked baggage for international flights? ; Me and my family have expired bi/b2 visa that we did not use. can we reapply for renewal?Can we really hack Facebook? ; Can I hack Facebook?How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes? ; What are going to be the rammifications of the Indian government's decision affecting invalid ₹500/₹1000 currency notes?How can I retrieve a discarded draft on Gmail? ; Gmail: How do I retrieve Gmail drafts?How much time do people spend on Quora? ; How much time does Quora take up in your day?I have -2.5 eye power. Can I fit the criteria of a 6/9 vision and, if not, what exactly does my eye vision fit to? ; Vision (eyesight): Is -4.5 eye number very large?  What does it mean?How is erectile dysfunction treated? ; How do I overcome erectile dysfunction due to over masturbation?Can you still learn new languages after childhood? ; Are new languages still being created?When was the hardest period in your life and how did you get through? ; What are the hardest time you've seen and how did you get out of it?What is the best place to visit in the world? What is the best place to visit in India? What is the best place to visit in Bihar? ; What is the best place in India to visit?A couple who has 5 sons went for a picnic. Each son has 7 sisters. Each sister has 3 babies. In total, how many people went for the picnic? ; Why are there so many "no picnic" signs in Venice?What is the importance of biochemistry in agriculture? ; Why didn't Aman Goel choose to do a master’s from a top college of the USA and instead decided to work?Will Google purchase Twitter? ; Will Google acquire Twitter?What are some examples of sentences using the word "acceptance"? ; What are examples of sentences using the word "perception"?What should be the strategy to clear IBPS PO? ; How do prepare the prelims exam of IBPS PO?What is ethical dilemma? ; What are ethical dilemmas?How does banning 500 & 1000 rupee notes solve black money problem? ; Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?Why do Trump supporters believe that Donald Trump can get his platform through congress? ; Why do you think Donald Trump is getting so much support?Is Pakistan the worst democracy in the world? ; What is Democracy? What kind of Democracy is existing in Pakistan?If the universe rewinds itself after it dies does that mean that I get to be reborn? ; What happens to the soul after it leaves the body?How much does an Ola Mini cab earn on average per month from an investor's point of view in Mumbai? ; How much does an Ola Mini cab earn on average per month from an investor's point of view in Bangalore?What happens to a question on Quora if it is marked as needing further improvement? ; How can I ask Quora a question about something that was marked "needs improvement?"?What do iCloud backup from an app? ; How do I remove an app from iCloud?How can I delete an old Facebook account that I forgot it's password? ; How do I get into my Instagram if I forgot my email and my Facebook password?What is operation quality? ; What is the operation quality?Is it possible to root an iOS into an Android phone? ; Is it possible to install iOS to an Android phone?What are some creative and innovative business ideas with less investment in India? ; What are some best business ideas with minimum investment?Is it legal for traffic police to stand in the middle of the road to stop vehicles? ; Is it legal for a traffic police to stand at the middle of the road to stop vehicles?Why is the European society ignoring the slaughter and the cruelty preformed in Arakan? ; [Late 2015 / Early 2016] Why does the United Kingdom want to leave the European Union? Why do some people there want to quit the EU?What are the most clever hip-hop one liners of all time? ; What are the hardest hip hop/rap songs of all time?Is it stealing if you steal from a thief? ; Is it stealing if you're stealing from a thief?What is a "quasi-contract"? What are some examples? ; What are some examples of the essentials of a valid contract?What is more beneficial to learn, SolidWorks or Catia? ; Are softwares like SolidWorks, CATIA and Pro E for different applications? Which is the best one? Why?Can i register a car that failed inspection? ; I'm living in WA and looking to bring a muscle car from another state. The car has a bigger motor in it willthis mean that I can not register it here?Which is the best modular kitchen in india? ; Which is the best modular kitchen in Bangalore?If a girl I'm dating calls me another name twice in a matter of 2 months, is it a bad sign? ; In my late twenties, every time I start dating a girl, she will disappear after 1-2 months and stops answering calls/texts. What's going on?I had send my resume below.? ; In a company, whom should I send my resume to?How do I know if a boy loves me? ; How can I tell if my girlfriend really loves me?What is the difference between Shia and Shiite? ; In what way is the Ismaili sect different from the other Shia groups?Tea: Is it dangerous to boil water in a plastic electric kettle? ; Why should we avoid hot tea in plastic cup?How can I make a healthy home made pizza? ; How can I make healthy pizza? Is there any recipe for it?What should one read to learn about philosophy? ; What books can I read to learn more about philosophy?What does it cost to replace brakes on a bicycle? ; What is the average cost to replace brakes and rotors?How will Hillary Clinton win over Bernie Sanders supporters? ; 2016 U.S. Presidential Election: Would Hillary Clinton supporters support Bernie Sanders if he won the nomination?What is the role of a sales officer at ICICI Bank? ; Is ICICI Bank a good place to work?How do I set and unset a cookie using jQuery, for example create a cookie named 'someName' and set its value to 'someValue'? ; I created a custom error handler for php and set it to be my error handler but I still get fatal errors displayed, how do I stop it?Is Zee news a BJP owned channel? ; Why is ZEE News so anti-AAP?How does one deal with break up? ; How can I deal with my first Break Up?I am a guy with chest size 38 and hip size 41. I want to reduce my hip size.What should I do? ; What exercise can help to reduce the weight on my arms?How can I be a native English speaker? ; How do I speak English like celebrities?How do you write a beautiful introduction to an essay? ; How do I write the introduction of an essay?What do people from Myanmar think about Indians? ; What do people think about Indian women?What are the best things to buy on Amazon? ; What is the best thing I can buy for 2€ on Amazon?What side dishes go well with hamburgers? ; What side dishes would go well with lamb chops?Where can I get best assistance in Sydney for any property purchasing? ; Where can I get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in Sydney?Have you ever experienced anything supernatural or paranormal? ; Is there a paranormal event that you have experienced, which science cannot explain?How can I improve digestion? ; How can we improve our digestion?If I have a permanent retainer, do I need to wear the removable ones at all? ; Is it safe to floss with permanent retainer?How can I Publish Theses on dentistry on International Library for thesis? ; How can I Publish Theses on Education on International Library for thesis?What are some Cyanide and Happiness comics on countries? ; What are the best Cyanide & Happiness comics?If 204=8, 503=13, 305=11 and 907=25, what is 705? ; Why can I not multiply fractions in Python?What are the drawbacks of Network Address Translation (NAT) that are overcome by IP masquerading? ; What does NAT stand for?If cold air is denser than hot air, then why does the temperature decrease as the altitude rises? ; Physics: Why is polluted air denser than cold air?How do lymph nodes form? ; What are lymph nodes?How can I buy Tesla shares / stock? ; How do I buy stocks?In the world, we are second largest country in terms of population, but we win only very few medals in the Olympics. Why? ; If India is the second largest in population, why do they not have Olympic medals like China or the US?What's your favourite meal? ; What is your favourite meal and why?Where can I find a list of companys I could possibly buy stocks in? ; I want to connect with you, how can I do that?Which pizzas are the most popularly ordered pizzas on Domino's menu? ; How many calories does a Dominos pizza have?What is the power nine in magic? ; What are the Power 9 cards in Magic: The Gathering?What are some good books for JEE Mains only? ; What are the best books to practice for JEE mains only?Why are the Seven Wonders of the World referred to as Wonders? ; What are the Seven Wonders of the World?When will I start the preparation of ilts? ; How does one look up a thing in Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) if the book costs 250 dollars?How do you know if someone is doing black magic on you? ; How do you know by looking at someone that they do black magic?What are the lyrics to "Vivre Sans Temps Mort" by Double Dagger? ; What is your favorite top 10 list of “Sun” songs?In 2 days, how should I prepare for Mu Sigma? ; What is the best way to prepare for Mu Sigma?Is MITID a good institute for filmmaking? ; Is Edupristine a good institute for SAP Learning?Is it defeatist to stop the war on drugs? ; What can we do to stop the war on drugs?What's it like to find a picture of you, friends, or family on a "funny/awkward" photo site? ; What a picture or photo that makes you think a lot when you see it?What are the disadvantages of using Firebase as backend for mobile app? ; Which is better to create backend for mobile web app, Stamplay or Firebase?How long will the Pokémon GO "fever" will last? ; How long you thing this Pokémon GO trend will last?How do I my epf account no I have my uan? ; How do I reset my password, If I have forgot it & also have no access to the email associated with my Quora account?How do I address Dr. Richard Muller if I meet him? Do I use the German pronunciation with umlaut or the simple English one? ; What does it mean when my boyfriend calls me sexy?How is the syndrome for the hamming code interpreted? ; What the heck does "enter access code" mean?What are some of the most misheard song lyrics of all time? ; What are some of your favorite misheard song lyrics?Which car services are available in Nashville? How good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other? ; Which car services are available in Philadelphia? How good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other?What are some cheap options to ship products from India to the USA? ; How do I ship 100 kgs of luggage (clothes) from the USA to India, within $150?How close are we to World War Three, and how bad would it be? ; How close is a World War III?Will TCS terminate in training period? ; How is TCS training period?How can I improve my writing skills and blog style? ; How can I improve my writing skills for writing a book?What is the concept of sustainable development? ; What is sustainable development?EMTs and Paramedics: How does one treat a gunshot wound? ; How do you treat gunshot wounds?What kind of phone does Linus Sebastian from linustechtips use? ; I've been using my phone too much lately. I feel like I have aquired ADHD from using my phone too much. What do I do?How did Donald Trump become president? ; How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?Where do nuclear reactions occur in the sun? Why do they happen? ; What causes nuclear reactions in the Sun?Which is better car Honda Jazz or Volkswagen polo? ; Are Hondas or Accuras better cars? Why?What is the most effective treatment for acne scars? ; Is there an effective treatment for acne?Is a career in A*STAR in Singapore really worth it? ; I am a Computer Science student in the UK - is it worth attending Echelon 2012 in Singapore?I sent a gift to a potential mentor and followed up 4 days later. Still no response, should I show up to to his next event? What would you do? Ty :) ; Why is the analog computer faster than digital?What's the first thing you do after you wake up? ; What's the one thing you think about when you wake up?G. W. Bush Presidency (2001–09): Why was Donald Rumsfeld fired in 2006? ; In your sincere and respectful opinion, how should President George W. Bush reengage society (community, country, the world)?Should I shave my head? ; What should I do after shaving my head?How do we forget any Wi-Fi in Windows 10? ; How do I fix Windows 10 Wi-Fi disconnecting issue?I am stuck between Electrical Engineering and Pre-Med. Any advice? ; Is vBulletin 5 Connect SEO really not performing well?How do I apporach people in my classes if I didnt introduce myself in the first month of university when everyone else already has friends? ; How can I help myself as I start stammering when I speak in front of a crowd (my class)?I want to chat with my friend but I don't know what to talk about? ; If the average British person doesn't care about carrying weapons for self defence, why do U.S. gun lobby and people still write about it?What are the practical applications of fork(), vfork(), exec() and clone()? ; How do I design a Telescopic fork?What are the main uses of a computer network? ; What is computer networking?What is the cost of running an arcade game machine per hour in today's value? ; Was there ever a Doom II arcade machine?What do Pakistani people think about the Uri attack on 18th September 2016? ; What do Pakistani residents think of Uri attack?Does Spock finally die in the Wrath of Khan or in Shatnerverse (Captain's Blood)? ; How did Genghis Khan die?Why does Donald Trump have orange skin? ; Does Donald Trump have hereditary hemochromatosis? It causes bronzed skin and encephalopathy.Are animals capable of feeling/experiencing emotions unknown to humans? ; Do animals have the same emotions as humans?What are the ways in which I can improve my handwriting? ; How can I have good handwriting?What do you wish Americans would learn before visiting Germany? ; How can I integrate Bitbucket with Microsoft Azure to build and deploy applications?How would Donald Trump's win affect India? ; How will Donald Trump benefit India?What is “India Post Payments Bank”? ; What is the procedure for sending a speed post in India?How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India? ; Will banning Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes help to solve black money and corruption?Are there any good horror movies in 2016? ; What are some best horror movies of 2016?How can I overcome suicidal thoughts? ; How do I overcome suicide thoughts?How windy must it be to delay a plane takeoff on an average airliner flight? ; If every passenger on an airliner were to suddenly rush to one end of the plane, would it cause any hindrance to the flight?What is cutoff of gate civil? ; What is the BPCL selection criteria for graduate trainees? Do they consider GATE marks to weigh more or do they prefer their own test? What will be GATE cutoff rank for civil 2015 GATE?How much excercise to lower blood pressure? ; What are fast ways to lower blood pressure?How can I win in UGC Net Exam in English literature? ; What are the name of the books for UGC net English literature?Ancient Hindus sailed from India to Indonesia. Why didn't they sail further to discover Australia? Why didn't Dutch discover Australia from Indonesia? ; Why didn't any Indians go to Occupy Australia when it is close to India?Why is it that if we trust someone blindly, they make us blind one day? ; How do I be a silent and impressive person?Can we eat meat with dairy products? ; Is eating meat and dairy okay?Will six hours of nightly sleep stunt the growth of a 14-year-old teen? ; How much sleep does a 14-year-old teen need?Which are some best books of paper sets for Maharashtra Board class 12th? ; Why does the CBSE setting have such tough papers for the class 12 and 10 for board exams?Why did Sirius have to travel north in GOF? ; Why did Sirius Black have to travel north in GOF?What does unrooted mean? ; What is the unroot of -1?How do I learn to ride a bike as an adult? ; How do I ride a bicycle?What is the difference between angel investors and VCs? ; What's the difference between a VC and an Angel Investor?What will happen if India and Pakistan gets into war and who will win? ; If war occurs between India and Pakistan what will be its effect on the rest of country?What are the best Bible verses to use in wedding ceremonies? ; What are some good Bible verses to read before bed?Can we stop global warming? ; Do we have any good ways to stop global warming?How can I open a WhatsApp database (crypt8) without using a rooted phone? ; Can I use WhatsApp on my laptop and phone?Which is the most awesome way to die? ; What are some of the most innovative ways to die?How can I buy a laptop that lasts? ; What's the best laptop to buy that will last me all four years of college with minimal problems?When writing an official letter, if one does't know if a woman is married or not, what prefix should one use to address her? ; How do I address a woman if I don't know if she is married or single?Is it OK to read two or three books at the same time? Or just read one book a time? ; What are the three must-read books for a first-time startup founder?How do you put notes in a TI-84 Plus? ; Do uncircumcised men urinate with a higher flow rate?What is the scope for girls in mechanical engineering? ; What is the scope of mechanical engineering for girls?Which is better, Coke or Pepsi? ; What is better, Coke or Pepsi? Why?Why are people addicted to pornography? ; Why do people become addicted to pornography?Why is dividing by zero an error or undefined? ; Why is division by zero undefined?Why am I afraid to be myself? ; Why am I afraid of telling my boyfriend I love him?What are the best and most effective openings in chess? ; What are the best opening moves in chess?I am an Indian and want to marry a Pakistani girl. What should I do? ; I am a Pakistani girl and want to get admission in IIT in India. What should I do?What do linguists think of the movie Arrival? ; What did Dr. Louise tell the the Chinese at the end in Arrival Movie?What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about? ; What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about in life?Re-entry permit expired but Green Card is still valid. Can I go back to study in the USA? ; If I already have a valid V-1 category visitor visa (multiple-entry) to Canada, do I still need another TRV along with a study permit?Is there any way to recover registration number of ICAI? ; I flunked CPT june 2016, but I want to give it again in december . Do I need to register again?Does Research Publications in high impact factor, peer reviewed International Journals, help you in securing Admissions in Top Graduate schools? ; What would happen if your entire city suddenly decided to listen to you?I want to do Masters in Mechanical Engineering. How much difficult it would for someone from other engineering major ? ; Will it be difficult to learn coding for mechanical engineers?How much do dental implants cost in India? ; What is the price for dental implants in Delhi, India?What effect will the presence of a conductor between two point charges have on the Coulomb force between them? ; How does the presence of a dielectric between two point charges affect the Coulomb force between them?Which wood glue would be best for repairing a cricket bat? ; Which glue is best for repairing a cricket bat?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Glu Mobile? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at T-Mobile?What are the pros and cons of flat feet in babies? ; What are the pros and cons of flat feet?What is the term Padfoot in harry Potter? ; What does Padfoot mean in Harry Potter?Do you wake up at the same time every day (even weekends)? ; Why is it so hard to wake up in the morning?What are some of the most technical questions asked in an interview? ; What are the questions asked by an interviewer in technical interview?What's the difference between amps, watts and volts? ; How many volts can a 30 amp ESC handle?How often should I massage my face with Argan oil? Apparently, Argan oil is extremely beneficial for acne scars, healthy/radiant skins and etc. How often should I massage it onto my face before going to bed? Could I maybe use Argan oil one night and then the Liz Earle repair moisturiser the next to achieve a healthy, young and radiant skin? Plz help with answering :). ; Which one should I use: olive oil or coconut oil for acne?Do government engineering colleges follow the 75% attendance rule strictly? ; Can I get MITS gwalior with 95 in JEE and 89% in cbse 12?What are some of the best "You know you are in Kolkata when.." statements? ; What are some of the best "you know you are in Lucknow when" statements?How I will become a Bollywood writer? ; How can someone become a Bollywood lyrics writer?What makes great movies incredibly engaging? ; What are the best movies with a plot twist?What is the word for "luck" in Japanese? ; What does Mr. Moon say in Japanese in Sing (movie)?How reliable is purchasing jewellery from Bluestone? ; How do I post gold jewellery from France to the U.K.?Whose questions do you follow the most on a regular basis? ; What do you think is the most important and empowering single question a person could ask himself regularly in order to have an extraordinary life?Why is the U.S. navy traveling over 10,000 miles to threaten Iran's small navy? ; What was the investigation outcome of Iran’s seizure of U.S. Navy patrol boats near Farsi Island in January 2016?Can American political parties expel members? ; I hate both US political parties, but I find one to be the lesser of two evils. Does this make me a moderate or a grudging party member?How do I start a plant nursery? ; How do I get start plant nursery?How do I avoid vomiting during travel in hilly areas? ; Why do people vomit while travelling in buses?Is there an issue with air around planet earth? ; Is there an issue with light around planet earth?How was Thich Quang Duc able to burn himself to death without moving a muscle? ; Are there any books written on the life of the monk Thich Quang Duc before he killed himself?What is the best quote you’ve heard? ; What is a good quote you have heard today?How can I switch my career from as a software engineer to network engineer? ; How can I switch a career from an assistant professor to a software engineer?How much does it cost to develop an Android app in India? ; How much will it cost to build an Android app in India?Can Brahmins eat eggs? ; Why do Brahmins not eat non-vegetarian food?Why is no one building a Skylon? ; How can one build plants in space?How do I stop my Yorkie/Corgi mix from chewing my shoes? ; How do I prevent my dog from chewing cushions?If I block a person on WhatsApp and later unblock them, will I receive the messages that were sent to me while the sender was blocked? ; Where can I find my blocked contacts messages they sent me?What is a PAN card? ; What is the fastest way to get a PAN card?Are egg eaters vegetarians? ; Are eggs and milk considered vegetarian or non-vegetarian food?How can I build traffic for my website? ; How can I increase traffic on my blog?How can i learn java programming language? ; What is Java programming? How To Learn Java Programming Language ?How do I prepare for the 10th class ICSE board? ; How Can I prepare for Class 10th Board Examinations ICSE?Have you ever had sex with an inidna guy? ; How will Bloodraven react if Aegon is a Blackfyre?Do Trump supporters believe his claims about his tax returns, or do they just not care? ; Do Donald Trump supporters actually not care about his tax returns, or do they just tolerate them and look at the bigger picture?Why steel stronger than iron? ; Which metal alloys are stronger than steel?How IT system works in a mall, market places? ; What is meant by institutional framework of public policy?Why is ranch dressing so popular? ; Is ranch dressing good for you?How I become a good teacher? ; How do you become a good teacher?Is there a difference between a Libertarian and a Socially-Liberal Republican? ; What is the difference between a libertarian and an authoritarian?How do I tell if somebody is intelligent? ; Could small talk be used to test someone's intelligence?How can I get rid of little black spiders in my house? ; How can I get rid of white spiders in my house?Are Secret Service agents that protect politicians chosen for duty by their political affiliation? ; Can a Secret Service agent's political views interfere with their duty?People with high IQ often find other people generally "stupid" or slow. Can I get few specific examples from daily life? ; If stupid people join quora, will that make Quora stupid?Why don't we connect the direct DC power that we get from the solar photo-voltaic to the HVDC transmission? ; Since India has its own one nation one grid concept, why can't we load all of the HVAC lines with a HVDC supply so that transmission losses will lessen considerably?Why didn't Google create the same set of features to follow Paralympics - as they did with the Olympics? ; What are the major functions of the liver?What disorders are more common in adult women than men? ; Dear respected experts: What are the common symptoms of prostrate disorder in men. And what is the first thing men should do to cure it.?What is the meaning of automatic route, FIPB route, etc. of FDI? What are the pro and cons of each entry gate within the Indian economy? What is the rationale behind choosing one over the other? ; What are the diffences between FDI and FII?Does critical thinking help to burn calories? ; Does thinking burns calories?What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account? ; What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account permanently?How much bigger can a male bicep muscles get than a female's? ; How much bigger can a male's bicep muscles get than a female's?What is the formula of [math](a+b)^3[/math]? ; How can I be great at math?How can a company make profit but still be cash flow negative? ; How does change in working capital affect a company's cash flow?Will an MBA help my career? ; How will an MBA help me?Why does Quora moderation delete questions about Quora moderation? ; What kind of questions get deleted on Quora?Does meditation increase creativity? ; Can meditation increase creativity?What should I do if my boyfriend never makes time for me? ; What should I do if my girlfriend who promised me that she would never leave me and loved me more than my mom, left me for someone else?What is the thought process behind designing a country's national flag? ; How is the story behind your country's national flag?Miracle: If any, what is the scientific mystery behind the Tilma of the Lady of Guadalupe? ; What is the mystery behind the iron piller of Delhi?Is Trump's foreign policy destructive? ; How do toppers of class 11 study?How do swimming pool filters work? ; How do seawater swimming pools work?How will work and jobs change over the next 10-20 years? ; How will work and jobs change in the next 10-20 years?Which tools do start up accelerators use to track the progress of their companies? ; Which tools or methods can be used to track as to how often your followers/fans click “like” and comment upon the status updates you/your company post?How does one fall in love? ; How is it to fall in love.?What are some interesting differences between American Sign Language and British Sign Language? ; Is it weird for a 'hearing' person with no deaf friends to want to learn the signed language most often used in their country (i.e. British Sign Language for me)? Is it comparative to learning a second vocal language, or would you consider it differently? I'm very interested in 'hearing' and deaf opinions.Does global warming exist? ; Is the global warming climate change things for real or a hoax?What IQ will get you a GPA over 3.5? ; Can you spot the error in the answer of this question?If Uber drivers can't see their destination in advance, what happens if they accept an extremely far destination? ; When did Uber stop letting drivers see a riders destination?Marx said "The religion is opium of the people". Then how and why Communist parties of India turned anti-Hindu? ; Why are the Indian Left called anti-Hindu when communist ideology is against all religions?What is your favorite saying and why? ; What are some of your favorite sayings?Why does the caste system persist in India? ; Why caste system still survive in India?What is the best way to send a fax from Australia to the United States? ; How can I send a fax from Australia to the United States?What’s the difference between data, information and knowledge in machine systems? Or is there a difference? ; What's the difference between a knowledge based system and an expert system?What is the resistance of an ideal voltmeter and ammeter? ; What is the actual resistance of ammeter and voltmeter that we use in laboratory?What are some unexpected things first-time visitors to Guinea notice? ; What are some unexpected things first-time visitors to Nepal notice?Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip? ; How much is the truth that the new high denomination currency of India are being embedded with GPS nano chips?What is the best app for Berlin public transportation? ; What are the best public transportation apps to help me in Berlin?I'm thinking about making and then publishing a comic series featuring anthropomorphic Pokemon, but how do I do that without copyright infringement? ; What do you think of the Doga comic series?How much, if at all, will cotton khakis shrink when washed? ; Why does cotton shrink when washed?Now that Britain has voted to leave the EU, what happens now? ; [Before Brexit vote] What are the pros and cons of Britain exiting/staying in the EU?Who is your role model, and why? ; Who is your role model and why?Have you experienced sleep paralysis? How cruel was that moment? ; Do you have an interesting sleep paralysis story to share?How much money per month is enough to live as a graduate student in Birmingham, UK? ; How much money is enough for a student to live in Birmingham, UK?How did you teach your kid not to lie? ; What are good ways to teach children not to lie?How does Minerva Schools differ from other for-profit universities in the US? ; Why will Minerva succeed when many other for-profit universities have been bad investments?How do I get clients for my software startup company? ; What are the best ways to get clients for software startup?Why is plasma considered as the fourth state of matter? ; Is plasma considered as the 4th state of matter?How do I delete my questions off Quora? ; How do I delete a question from Quora?What was the reason of extinction of the Indus Valley and Harappan civilization? ; Who were responsible for the collapse of Indus Valley Civilization?Is a circle a regular polygon of infinite sides? If yes, then discuss its properties and its interior angles. ; Can one say that a circle has infinite sides?How much can a Junior engineer in municipal cooperation or water supply earn at state level government job? ; How much does an entry level CS post-graduate earn after completing an MS in a US-based job on average?When did humans start naming themselves? What's the history behind names? Do non-human species use names? ; When in history did we start giving people names?Does water filter carbon monoxide? ; Is death by carbon monoxide painful? Why or why not?Can news sites see that I subscribe to their feeds via Feedly? What info do they see? (e-mail address, name, etc). ; Why is Quora not having a "See First" feature, so that users can choose what fills up their Quora feed?Do humans fear artificial intelligence because it has no soul? ; Is it scientifically proven that the soul exists?Why are there so many Muslims in our Bollywood industry? ; Why are there so many Muslims in Hindi film industry?How smart is Donald Trump? ; Who is Donald Trump's base? Why is he popular? Why are people voting for him? Why do people like and support him?What should you do if you can't remember your iCloud password? ; How do I recover my iCloud password?Is Quora display trending now topics based on user's country? ; Are trending topics in Quora location specific?As an international student from India going to Florence, Italy, what are the essentials I must carry? ; As an international student from India going to Florence in Italy, what are the essentials I must carry with me?Where can I watch the walking dead season 8 online? ; Where can I watch The Walking Dead season 7 online?What is the difference between all the streaming Hadoop solutions: Flume, Spark (Databricks), Storm, Kafka (Confluent), and Malhar (Datatorrent)? ; What are the advantages of using DataTorrent over Storm?What is the best ux resume? ; What are the best resume search sites?Which is the best movie download site? ; Is there any secrets sites for downloading leaked movies?Can you get high eating a few specks of weed accidentally? ; What's the best way to get high from eating weed and why?Which are the oldest bridges in the world? ; What's the oldest bridge in the world? How was it designed and built?How can I get satisfied sex? ; Is lesbian sex just as good as heterosexual sex?Who will win the World Cup 2014? ; Heading into the start of the tournament, which country is the favorite to win FIFA World Cup 2014? Which team is the strongest?How do I prepare for city level, TIMES NIE think and learn challenge, Ahmedabad? ; What is the process of immigration of Finland which I should be adopted?What are the arguments in favour of/against Jallikattu? What is your personal opinion about it and the way it is being handled by the Centre and SC? ; What are some of the best atheistic arguments?How can I get a green card to live and work in the USA? ; How can I get a green card?Will a wool sweater after it is washed shrink or get stretched? ; Do you have to wear a shirt under a sweater?What should we do to be best software developer? ; What is to be done to be a good software developer?I am 20 years old now & a graduate. But I have been at home for the past 2 years & doing nothing. What should be my action plan now? ; When did Narendra Modi change his salutation from 'Mitron' to 'Bhaio aur Behno'?What is the average salary of workers in Indonesia with a graduate degree? ; What is the average salary of a IIM Calcutta graduate?How can I find a startup mentor? ; How do I ask someone to be my mentor?How should mid-distance track runners incorporate weight training to their overall training schedule? ; How does one get stronger without gaining mass?Why are there so many Indians on Quora and why are they so annoying? ; Why is Quora so popular in India?How are the placements of chemical engineering at NIT Raipur? ; How is NIT Raipur for chemical engineering?How can I protect my app name so that it can not be used by other? ; Shortcut for c compilation?How do I start my asus computer in safe mode? ; Is it always safe to run GPU at OC mode?Is it possible to invent the time machine? ; Can we create a time machine?In the UK, what are the implications of the Immigration Act 2014? ; In the UK, what are the implications of the Immigration Act 2016?How long does it typically take for the FDA to review a NDA? ; How can I prepare for an FDA audit?How do I make oxalic acid water soluble? ; How can we make water soluble polymers?What are the family roots of the Mir family clan? ; Have you ever been jealous of a sibling due to comparisons?Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for HBTM classes? ; Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for SCRB classes?How good and reliable are OYO rooms? ; Did anyone experienced OYO rooms? Is it a good experience with OYO rooms?What is the best app to learn English? ; What is the best app for learning English?What are some good articles on the global microbiome? ; What is the main reason why Britain is exiting the EU?What websites do you use everyday? ; What websites are worth visiting everyday?What are the best books for basic electrical engineering? ; Which book should I refer for basic electrical engineering in first year?What are some little things that make you happy? ; What's the best thing that make you happy?What are the best earphones under/around Rs.2000 ? ; Which are the best earphones under 2000INR or 35USD?Why does Arvind Kejriwal always blame the BJP? Why did he resign from his CM post in Dehli? ; Why is Arvind Kejriwal praising Pranab Mukerjee when he has questioned his honesty in the past?How do you define a complete person? ; How would you define a person?Why do neoliberals and big corporations feel entitled to free trade agreements when nothing should be for free according to their own logic? ; Why do hedge fund managers pay commission to brokerage firms when they have the money to buy the brokerage firms and since they would own the company the could trade for free? Isn't it cheaper to become a stockbroker so you can trade for free.What will happen if Donald Trump wins the election? ; What would happen if one of the two candidates of the presidential election died on the morning of the election day?How many cement begs required in100 sq ft of rcc? ; How much cement required for 280 sq. ft with 6" thickness?What made Tata group chairman Cyrus Mistry to quit? ; What was the reason behind the removal of Cyrus P. Mistry from the position of Chairman of The Tata group?Which is the best place to visit in Goa with Friends? ; We are Planning to visit Goa for three days,which are the best places to visit?Who was Koundinya Rishi? ; Why is Koundinya Rishi so important?How can plastic wrap be used for weight loss? ; Are at-home stomach wraps using the clear plastics wrap in your kitchen safe to use for weight loss?What is the penalty for driving without a license in Alabama, how do they compare to the penalties in Massachusetts? ; What is the penalty for driving without a license in Alabama, how do they compare to the penalties in Maine?Where can I get wonderful flavors on cupcakes in Gold Coast? ; Where can I get an unique taste for cupcakes in Gold Coast?What are some indie bands worth listening to? ; I am interested in listening to indie music. Which bands can convince me to give it a try?What makes someone fall in love with you? ; Can you make someone fall in love with you?How can I feature someone on musical.ly? ; How do I get coins on musical.ly?Why was Parks and Recreation a success? ; Why is Parks and Recreations so boring?Which top mobile app development companies have built mobile and tablet restaurant apps? ; What services companies are good at building outsourced mobile app development teams for startups?What gives you hope during tough times? ; What gives you hope for humanity?Will you leave politics after you lose the election? ; Will you be okay if your political representative becomes rich or richer after being elected?What's the procedure for an Indian student to get admitted into a MS program in the US? ; What's the procedure for an Indian to do higher study (MS) in the US?Do people know if you looked them up on Instagram? ; Instagram (product): How can I login to Instagram if I don't remember the password, and I dont know the email address that was used to set up the account?Can skipping increase your height? ; What is the best and fastest way to increase your height?What is light made up of? ; What exactly is light made of?Should I take Sydenham this year or try for JB next year with 99.83 in CET 2016? ; I have 2.5 yrs exp in IT,plan to give CET next year, target-JBIMS-MMS. Does JBIMS select candidates with >3 years of exp?Can most young people in Spain communicate in English fluently? ; Can most young people in Italy communicate in English fluently?How reliable are Mensa I.Q. tests and what kind of intelligence do they measure? ; How do you know if you are really intelligent?Which song is played in the TVF tripling episode 3 at mid night? ; Which song is played in the end of TVF tripling episode 5?How can the formula for volume of liquid be determined? ; How is the formula for residual volume determined?How do I deal with common embarrassment? ; How do I deal with my embarrassment?How do I watch torrent videos while it is being downloaded? ; What is the difference in quality between: BD, HD, 720p and 1080p?How can I get butts like these guys shown below? ; How do I get a bigger butt, naturally?Can anybodt tell cost of installation for Automatic dependent Surveillance- Contract) ADS-C flight tracking systems? ; Allen motorhead books PDF how I can download?What is the difference between evga gtx 1080, asus gtx 1080, msi gtx 1080? ; Why should my dad spend all his salary for my sister in law and her kid?How do I improve the writings on Quora? ; How can I improve my writing on Quora?How does the inside of a vagina feel? ; How does an aroused vagina feel like?To Men: Do men still hand out their number and ask you to call them? Old school chivalry or obvious player? ; For men: what do you think about "boys don't cry and "men don't show their emotions"?Which is better Bangladesh or China in medical studies? ; How do I prepare for class 10 case boards? And which is a better option for studies in future? Engineering law or medical?In the U.S., which is the most respectful term: cleaning lady, housekeeper or maid? ; Is it "a U.S company" or "an U.S company?What can I do right now to help the people of Aleppo? ; What can I do to help the situation in Aleppo?How much does investment banker earns? ; How much do investment bankers make?What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India? ; What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lawrence County AL? ; What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Geneva County AL?Do you think Hillary Clinton’s pneumonia will affect the election? ; How seriously will Hillary Clinton's early departure from a 9/11 ceremony affect her campaign?Can a family live on $120,000 yearly in New York City? ; Can a family live comfortable on $150,000 a year in New York City?How can I get text records from metro pcs account? ; How can I get my old call history and text messages from metro pcs?Was Donald Trump right to speak out against the mainstream media in his first press conference? ; Did Donald Trump have a bobby pin holding back his hair during his press conference in Mexico?How do you think Federer, Nadal, Djokovic, Murray, Wawrinka, Delpo & Cilic rank in terms of potential when it comes to greatest spot in the tennis? ; How would you rank Federer, Nadal, Djokovic, Murray, Wawrinka, Delpo and Cilic in terms of greatness achieved and potential spot in the history of sport?Why does noone see the diference between Endless and Infinite? ; Hi Friends! My weight is 100 kg. How can I bring in 70-75 of my weight in 1 years?Which online coaching institute is best for CAT Preparation? ; Is online coaching better than going for institutes like TIME and PT Education for CAT preparation?How can I travel with low budget? ; How do I travel with a low budget?What doe Quora mean? ; What does the name Quora exactly mean?How do I stop feeling insecure? ; How do I stop feeling insecure about myself?Why does Coke help my menstrual cramps, against all medical advice? ; What's the best position to sit or lie in to alleviate menstrual cramps?If I skip breakfast and lunch, and only have dinner and two cups of coffee in a whole day, will I lose weight? ; If I chew and spit throughout the day, the only full meal I eat is dinner, and I work out, why am I not losing weight?How do I learn japanese in 2 months? ; How did you learn Japanese?How often do you drink coffee (-based) drinks? ; How often do you drink coffee?How do I delete my question from Quora? ; How do I delete my own question from Quora?How do I deal with people who take advantage of my innocence? ; Do discounts stack in Europe?What are some recommended US companies to invest in in 2014? ; In Canada, what is the best university for getting into a US investment banking company?Is death by hanging painful? ; What happens to a person just after he is hanged to death?Belgium: Which historians disagree with Churchill's literary treatment of the King of the Belgians, Leopold III, following his surrender to Germany during May 1940? ; Why did Denmark surrender to Nazi Germany in just 3 hours?How do I use Spotify in India on Mac? ; How do I use Spotify in India?What do people think of AngelList? ; What collusion occurs with AngelList, if any?Wine: What are the best wineries to visit in the Healdsburg area? ; What are the best Healdsburg wineries?What's the most important moment in the whole history of humanity? ; What are best moments of humanity in Chennai in Dec 2017 cyclone?Which is the best honeymoon destination in kerala? ; Which are the best honeymoon locations in Kerala for summer honeymoon trip to Kerala?How do i lose weight? ; How do I suck it up and lose weight?Which is the best iPhone 6 case? ; What's the best iPhone 4 case?What is it like to work at Goldman Sachs in London? ; What is it like working at Goldman Sachs?If I download MIUI 8 from the website then will I get further updates and will it root my phone. I have Redmi note 3? ; If I update an app on my android phone, will it add to the app's total downloads?Why did John Nash have schizophrenia? ; Who are John Nash's children?Should I be afraid of my parents? ; Can my parents be afraid of me doing better than them?How do I prepare for MBA CET 2017 starting from November? ; Can I get CSE at IITB 2017 by starting preparation from June 2015?Did all Waffen SS commit crimes against humanity? ; What is diagtrack what is diag track?How do I prepare for an interview for an internship as a software developer at Jack in the Box? ; What should I expect in a Software Engineer interview at Google and how should I prepare?Why do people write long answers on Quora? ; Why do people on Quora write very long answers, even if the questions doesn't necessarily need that?What is the relation between Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa? ; How is Snoop Dogg related to Wiz Khalifa?What is the balanced chemical equation for the formation of soap scum? ; Which is a good startup company for Development in Delhi?What are types of pipes used in oil and gas industries? ; What software do they use in the oil and gas industry in day-to-day operations?What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Monroe County MI? ; What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Barry County MI?How can I see who viewed my Instagram video? ; How can I see who viewed my video I just posted on Instagram?My hair falls only during shower but not after shower. Why? ; Why does my hair fall out when I take a shower?How do I deactivate a WhatsApp account temporarily? ; Since my phone was lost I have blocked my SIM, but my Whatsapp account is still working. How do I deactivate my account?Which is better: Super AMOLED or TFT? ; Which TV panel is better VA OR IPS?What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Newfoundland's? ; What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Alberta's?Should I use Swift or Objective-C to learn iOS development? ; Which is better to learn for iOS: Swift or Objective-C?What is the diet of Narendra Modi? ; Is Narendra Modi obese?What are some nice songs with Chinese music and english lyrics? ; Which are the best English songs with fast music?What is regular expressions in Java? ; What is regular expression for 'not' something?How is Physics Galaxy by Ashish Arora? Is it relevant for JEE? ; How effective are Physics Galaxy lectures for IIT JEE?Scuba Diving: How long can one stay at 50 feet without having to undergo decompression? ; If I have one week, which country should I visit, Guatemala or Nicaragua? What should I not miss in any of them? Which one offers better scuba diving?Which country's judicial system has the least pending cases? ; How can we use Big data analysis in Indian judicial system? Also, how can we get detailed information regarding pending cases online?What's the difference between a floor area and a lot area? ; What is minimum floor area? Why is minimum floor area a statutory requirement?Many women told me that they prefer guy friends over girl friends. What are the common reasons for this? ; I am a girl. My best friend (a guy) and me are emotionally attached. I do not love him, but I get jealous when he prioritizes his crush over me. What am I going through?Difference between wraparound and projector headlights? ; I know core java completely but i stucked in solving a problem even i dont know how to find prime number between 1 to 100.what should I do?Is EEE in VSSUT, Burla good? Is the placement good? What type of companies recruit EEE graduates? ; How is EEE in VSSUT, Burla?If you see a celebrity, how do you approach him/her? ; What is the best way to approach a celebrity?When did you start to learn coding? Is it true that if someone wants to be extremely good at coding, he or she will have to start learning at a young age? ; What are the best ways to learn C#?What does namespace mean in Java? ; What does "$" mean in Java?What is difference between Modi and Hitler? ; How Modi is different from Hitler?What's the purpose of life? ; How do you find your life's purpose?How can find my user name and password in IRCTC by my register mobile number or Email ID? ; Why I cannot login to IRCTC using my id and password?How can Jio work in a 3G phone? ; How do I use Jio sim in 3G devices?Which is the best godrej air conditioner repair center in Hyderabad? ; Where is the best IFB air conditioner repair center in Hyderabad?How much time does a waiter spend in taking orders? ; How do you get over a divorce and not being able to spend as much time with your children?How can I stop feeling that I don't like to talk to people? ; How do I talk with people I don't like?What is the best way to restore a Dell Inspiron 530 to factory settings? ; How do you restore a Dell Inspiron 1525 to the factory settings?What are the existing 10 types of reptiles? ; Why don't I see reptiles scratch their skin?Innovation Diffusion: What are the various kind of opinion leaders are there to influence the Youth? ; What is diffusion in the villi?Is there any movie or documentary about India's Operation Rahat in Djibouti? ; What are some S rated movies in India?How did the Australian term "sheila" originate? ; What does the Australian term "sheila" mean?How can India be a secular century when there is no Uniform Civil Code in place? ; Why is the implementation of Uniform Civil Code important?The prime factorization of intezer N is A x A x B x C, where A, B and C are all distinct prine intezers. How many factors does N have? ; The prime factorization of integer N is A x A x B x C, where A, B and C are all distinct prime integers. How many factors does N have?Is the entropy change of a cyclic device always zero, whether it's reversible or irreversible? ; We can find entropy of irreversible process by assuming that process reversible and answer will be same. Can I apply the same for adiabatic process?What are the side effects of ProActiv? ; What are the side effects for using Proactiv? How are the side effects treated?What are the ethnicities of the cast of 'Impractical Jokers'? ; What is your review of Impractical Jokers (TV series)?What is the appropriate way to wish a Muslim friend happy birthday? ; When wishing an old friend happy birthday, is it ok the call them by a made up name they used in the past?What percent of the population have two different colored eyes ? ; How does heterochromia iridum (two different colored eyes) work?what has your life taught you so far? ; What has life taught you?How can a transgender lesbian who hasn't had genital surgery find a mate? ; How would you, a transgender person, respond to someone who does not believe you are transgender?How many questions have you asked on Quora? ; How many questions have been asked on Quora?How can I run a 5k without any training? ; How do I run a 5k without much training?What are the pros and cons of tennis balls on your walker? ; What are the pros and cons of attaching tennis balls on walkers?What is the best pickup line for engineers? ; What is one pickup line that has never failed you?What does the message "With delivery courier" from DHL mean? ; What are some references for DHL Courier?Why won't iMessage sync between my iPhone and my MacBook? ; Why won't my iPhone connect to my home WiFi?What are the advantages and disadvantages of HND marine engineering? ; Does the marine engineer get NRI status?Why do students from liberal arts just repeat the same given "mantras" without any critical thought? ; What are the reasons why dynamite has a patent?Why are the Texas Rangers important to law enforcement today? ; What are the responsibilities of Texas Rangers and how do they interact with other law enforcement agencies?How do u get olds messages from snapchat? ; What should I do to hack Snapchat messages remotely?What is humanity? What is human rights? ; What do we mean by human rights?What is the Tesseract in the Doctor Who universe and what purpose does it serve? ; Why am I so sad and lonely.?How do I clear points from my driving record in order to have a lower premium? ; How do I clear points from my driving record in order to have a lower premium in California?What is the difference between amateur (ham) radio and CB radio? ; How do HAM Radio and a CB Radio differ?What company has a culture? ; What is the company culture like at WhatsApp?What were the reasons for Industrial Revolution? ; What were the causes of the Industrial Revolution?Does masturbation cause loss of zinc leading to loss of appetite? ; Does masturbation cause loss of protein?What is Kaufmich.com? ; What does superbcrew.com do?Pakistani mangoes vs Indian mangoes, which is the best? ; What do mangoes taste like?How can I view a private Instagram? ; Can I view a private Instagram?What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Norway's different? ; What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Belgium's different?How do you think the future of choosing a research or career path in Computational Geophysics would be, for a MS student in Compuational Engineering? ; I am BE 8th sem. CSE student. Which path should I choose as a career or which course I should do to get a good job in future?What is your most desirable natural cause of death? ; What is your least desired cause of death?Why World War III are inevitable? ; Is World War III coming?Does freefall speed and nanothermite prove that 9/11 was a hoax or inside job? ; Aren't genetic algorithms basically generating information out of nothing, and doesn't this prove that algorithms exist to create information? Or is it all a hoax?If SDS page is used, will the charge on all the proteins be same? ; How do I detect low molecular protein (<10 kDa) using SDS-PAGE?What is the difference between a redhead and a ginger? ; How can I get ginger scene hair?How do offshore platforms handle groceries and small goods shipments from and to the land? ; What happens after an offshore oil platform stops drilling?How do you make money giving through a app? ; How do I make money on an app?Can I apply to University of Alberta internetworking without a project proposal? ; Can I get into the university of alberta with an 82% ? (on a 33% pass scale) I am from indiaWhat is the Syria civil war all about? ; What is the Syria civil war?What is a psychology? ; What is psychology?Can you suggest a best budget phone below 15k? ; Which phone is best under 15k?What are the 6 mother sauces? What are some recipes using them? ; How are the 6 mother sauces used in cooking?What is it like to regret having children? ; Do you ever regret having your child?Do white women find Asian men attractive? ; Are men attracted to women with gray or white hair?What is the best way to prepare for the theoretical part of the CA Final Exam? ; What is the best way to prepare for CA final group1 papers?Where  can i sell a business idea? ; Venture and Investor Pitches: How do I sell my product idea?Hurricane Sandy (October 2012): What are stores selling out of as people prepare for the storm to hit? ; What was the impact of Hurricane Sandy?What are the ways to learn about stock market? ; What is the best way to learn about investing in the stock market and what stocks to buy?Is it harmful to eat using plastic utensils? ; Is it bad to eat sunflower seed shells?Quora: How to ask question on Quora so that it wont get marked as needing improvement? ; I can't seem to ask anything anymore. Why does Quora keep marking all my questions as needing improvement?Did dunno create the universe? ; Considering the 'Zone of Avoidance', and the fact that the Earth in on the same plane as most of the Galaxy, how do we know the size and shape of it?What's the salary for a Train Ticket Examiner (TTE) in Indian Railways? ; Should Indian Railways be privatized?What is funniest joke you've ever heard? ; What is the best joke ever heard?Is there any proof which can be given for the existence of the GOD? If yes, what are those? ; Is there any proof that there is no god?What is the best and quick way to lose weight? ; What is the best way to loose weight quickly?What is the difference between transgender man and transgender woman? ; What is the difference between a transgender man and a transgender woman?Is "taking an exam" or "giving an exam" correct for a student? ; Do you write, take or give an exam?What job can a foreigner have in South Korea? ; How can a foreigner get a job in South Korea?Is creating satelite blogs and posting SEO-friendly posts considered black-hat SEO technique? ; Is creating satellite blogs and posting SEO-friendly posts considered black-hat SEO technique?Why don't some peoples answers have a place to comment? ; Why some answers don't have comment option?What side dishes go well with hamburgers? ; What are the side dishes go well with lentil soup?What are the best Smartphones tech gadgets? ; What are the best available technology gadgets?Could magnets be used to clean up space debris? ; How could the space debris in Earth orbit be cleaned up?Where is God when He created the world? ; Where is God?What is value added tax? What is the difference between VAT and sales tax? ; What is VAT (Value Added Tax)?I got jio sim on 25th aug it is 4rth sep but still sim is not activated what I should do? ; Why do Java programmers wear glasses?How can I speed up my Internet connectionn? ; How can I speed up my Internet connection?What are the chances of getting my phone back when someone stole it from my pocket while travelling in local train (Mumbai)? ; What is the possibility of getting back mobile phone lost in mumbai local trains?How do I open a SnapChat message without the other person knowing you opened it? ; How do I delete messages on snapchat that the other person has saved?What are the best value Michelin-starred restaurants in NYC? ; What are the best Greek restaurants in NYC?How can you find what your cell phone number is? ; How do I find my cell phone number?Given that alpha and beta are roots of the equation 3x^2-5=0 form the equation whose roots are 2alpha-1/beta, 2alpha-/alpha? ; The roots of the equation [math]x^2+3x-10=0[/math] are [math]\alpha[/math] and [math]\beta[/math], where [math]\alpha<\beta[/math]. What equation are [math]\alpha-1[/math] and [math]\beta+2[/math] the roots of?How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy? ; How does the ban on 500/1000 denominations affect various domains of the Indian economy?Why has Malaysia failed to develop into a first world country like Singapore? ; How did Malaysia become a developed country besides having oil?Who are Jains before conversion? Brahmins, Kshatriyas, Vaishyas or Shudras? ; Can a Shudra read Vedas?Why is Vermont so liberal? ; Is there any culture in Vermont?Will you continue to do a thing that you think you must do without anyone understanding and supporting? ; Renting a apt in bankruptcy?How do we live a meaningful life? ; How do I lead a meaningful life?What's the safest and cheapest place to buy gold in WOW? ; Is buying WoW gold safe?How is the salary structure at tcs bps? ; Which one is better IBM GBS or TCS BPS?There is speculation Trump is trying to set himself up to start a right wing talk show after the election in the event he loses. What do you think? ; For a very early stage startup, what event denotes that it is the right time to start talking about equity and contact a lawyer?How can you enlarge your penis? ; How can I have a big penis?What is your review of Lyf mobiles? ; How can India justify keeping Kashmiris hostage for satisfying collective conscience of the jingoists?What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in January? ; What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in November?What are the best free and legal music download sites? ; Which are the best free app downloading sites?What is the typical career path for someone who becomes a professor in accounting? ; What is the typical career path for someone who becomes a professor in geography?How do you delete a question you asked on Quora ; Is it possible to permanently delete a Quora question?What are the pros and cons of client server networks? ; What are the pros and cons of client server network?What do you do if you suspect your spouse is cheating? ; How do you deal with a cheating spouse?What is the best way to learn to play the guitar by myself? ; How can I learn to play the guitar by myself?Are there any recommendation engines for stuff other than e-commerce, movies and jobs? How do you go about making a unique one? ; Is it possible to make an e-commerce website without having to know coding and in an extremely cost effective manner? What platform would one use?How can I unlock iphones? ; How do you carrier unlock an iPhone?Which is the best shopping site for branded shoes of bigger size? ; Marks require to get in 1000 rank in wb JEE?What colors are most trustworthy? ; What's the most common M&M color?How much do boxers make per fight? Is that their main income? ; What fixed amount, cut of ticket sales and pay-per-views, do boxers and MMA fighters make from different types of fights?I was suddenly logged off Gmail. I can't remember my Gmail password and just realized the recovery email is no longer alive. What can I do? ; With a forgotten Gmail password, how do you find an old Gmail password when you don't remember the recovery information?What is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today? ; What is the best programming language to learn(in your opinion)?How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Monaco? ; How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Israel?What was Louis Pasteur's contribution in microbiology? ; What is the contribution of Joseph Lister in microbiology?Why would Ryan Lochte lie about getting robbed at Rio 2016? ; Why would Ryan Lochte lie about getting robbed by cops?Which is the best job, Java developer or maintaining a data warehouse? ; Being an ECE Graduate (who doesn't have much interest in electronics), which job should I prefer right now, java developer or a data scientist job?How does the rest of the world see Republicans? ; How does the rest of the world see your country?Why are Irish and Scottish people unwilling to revive their Gaelic languages to make them their everyday usage languages the way Israelis did? ; Now that Trump and Pence are in the white house, can they force creationism to be taught alongside evolutionary theory?How do you become a military pilot? ; How can I become a military pilot?How many states and union territories are there in India? ; Currently how many states and union teritories are there in India?What are the best web hosting black Friday deals of 2017? ; Where are the best web hosting black Friday deals of 2016?What are the best novels ever? ; What are best novels to read?What is the national language of India? ; What is India's national language?England v. Wales - who will win? ; Who will win the England v Wales match?How do I concentrate better in my studies? ; How can I can concentrate well in studies?I have a job in Timor Leste Australian base company and I can get a PR after my 8 month job. My question, is it possible to go Australia with PR? ; How much possibility of getting Australian PR after positive assessment?What is it like to have gay sex for the first time after living as a straight person? ; Are straight men afraid of gay men?Why the piano and violin sound different when they're playing the same note? My teacher said because the amplitudes are different. Is it correct? ; Has the White House been attacked by terrorists in real life?What is the top speed of bus rapid transit on dedicated lanes? ; What is the top speed of ZX-6R?Is the bomb threat in Mumbai tomorrow real or is it just a rumour? ; How do I manage to live in Mumbai by getting just 15k?What are 10 ways in which microorganisms are useful? ; How can microorganisms be used?What do you think you were in a past life and why? ; Who do you think you were in a past life?Can I sale branded item by own website? ; What are some lesser-known sights to see when visiting Salavat, Russia?What is the smallest event that needs to happen for all bitcoin transactions to be wiped out? ; Are there any quality American films?How do the survivors of the real Deepwater Horizon feel about the recent movie? ; What are the themes/meaning of the movie Deepwater Horizon?How do I prepare for the GATE and is coaching necessary or not? ; Is it necessary to go for coaching for GATE preparation?Why do we fall for someone whom we can't be with? ; Why do we fall for someone whom we can't be a part of their love?What are the best co-working spaces and meeting room rental options in Kathmandu? ; What are the best co-working spaces and meeting room rental options in Singapore?What would happen if a person listened to music all day long? ; Do I have mania if I listen to music all day long?What are the best resources when applying for a music graduate degree? ; What are the best resources when applying for a history graduate degree?What are the emerging trends in structured programming? ; What are the emerging trends in structural programming?Which is the correct grammar: "I will appreciate if you.." or "I would appreciate if you.."? ; How do I correct WordPress mobile grammar errors?What should I do to improve my English ? ; What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?Why do people say Obama is black, when he is half white? ; President Obama is half black and half white. Many people in the USA see him as black, but it seems not many people, if any at all, see him as white, why is this?Which Instagram hashtag is best to attract more followers? ; What are the best hashtags for Instagram likes?Vaginas: When having sex, where should the man put his penis? ; Can a man keep his penis and have surgery to get a vagina?How did Donald trump win? ; How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail?How do you get surf in Pokemon Emerald? ; In Pokémon Emerald, is there a Pokémon that can learn both surf and fly?Have you ever had sex with your teacher? ; Have you ever had sex with a teacher?What is the significance of a 1962 American nickel? ; What is the significance of a 1969 American nickel?What is Dynamo? ; What is a dynamo?What will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business? ; How does the declaration that Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes would not be accepted as valid transactions affect real estate in India?How much does a uber driver earn in India? ; How much does Uber driver earn in India?How can I find a job in Mumbai? ; How do I find a job in Mumbai?How is daily life in North Korea? ; How is life in North Korea? What are the typical lifestyles of different sections of people in North Korea?Why, or why not, should the minimum wage be raised to $15? ; Should the minimum wage be raised to $15/hr for all American workers?How do I take professional pictures? ; What are some ways to take professional product pictures?How does the aluminum in MacBook Pros react with human hands? ; What are the pros and cons of a computer science student for using a MacBook?I am visiting Sri Lanka soonfor 9 days, how can I pick up Sri Lankan girls and have fun? ; Do Indians hate Sri Lankans?What are some good examples of 4 stanza poems? ; What are some good Ilocano poems?Which CPU is better I3 4th Gen or 6th Gen? ; Which is better intel i5 (6th gen) or i7 (5th gen)?What are some of the best tourist places to visit in Chhattisgarh? ; Where are the foremost tourist places in Chhattisgarh?What are the differences between a love marriage and an arranged marriage? ; Which is better: an arranged marriage or a love marriage?How do I break security code in Nokia 103? ; How do I break security code in Nokia C1?Which sites are best for learning algorithms and data structures over video? ; What is the best site to to learn data structures and algorithms from video tutorials?The Pirate Bay: How can one lower their risk of being caught while continuing to torrent? ; How do I torrent on my college network without being detected or getting caught?What name will you give to a mathematics education blog? ; What advice will you give to an IIT graduate in Mechanical/Civil Engineering, who strongly wants to pursue a research career in computer science/mathematics, and has completed the basic courses of CS in coursera?What universities does Federal-Mogul recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Federal Signal recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?Why do people go for mba after masters in engineering ; Why do people do MBA after engineering?How does a facebook account get hacked? ; How can I hack somebody's Facebook account if that person is not added as a friend?Why do black people get upset when non-black rappers use the N-word? ; Why is it considered offensive when non-black people use the n word, but not when black people do?What did Jordan Belfort do in The Wolf of Wall Street that was illegal? ; Why is the Wolf of Wall Street so popular?How do I have safe sex without condom and risk of pregnancy? ; How do I have safe sex without condoms?What are the major differences between Chinese culture and Western cultures? ; What the difference between western culture and Chinese culture?What does Java do and do I need it? ; Do I need Java on my computer?The weak and ignorance is not an impediment to survival, arrogance is? ; The weak and ignorance is not an impediment to survival, arrogance is? (in Japanese)Is it right time to associate the car with Uber Pune? ; Is it the right time to associate car with uber in pune?Is it cruel to dismantle your boyfriends lego and withhold one vital piece so it can never be whole again? ; My mother in law has no interest in my kids and never made effort to get to know them but sends me cruel emails.Why? I've not done anything to her.How do you track a phone through Google Earth? ; How does Google earth work? How does images taken through satillite will be combined? What is the camera resolution used?What are the chances that the original members of Guns and Roses will ever reunite? ; Why did Guns N' Roses choose that name?What are the different stages in startup funding? ; In the early stages of a startup, is it better to fund yourself or get funding from a VC?Should I give CBSE class 12 improvement exam? ; Is giving CBSE improvement exam better option than reappearing for cbse class 12 from school? For placement in CSE and higher studies, MBA etc?How is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder? ; How would demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 2000 rupee notes help curb black money and corruption?What are the characteristics of the traditional clothes of Brazil? ; How did you fell in love with him/her?What are long term effects of hepatitis A? ; What are the long term effects of hepatitis B?What is paradox? ; What is a paradox?If I install a 2 kW ac in a house with 1kw rating electricity meter, will it burn the meter or lead to a short circuit? ; Are electric meters tamperable?What is the 27th letter of the English alphabet? ; How many letters are in the English alphabet?Is coaching necessary to crack JEE Advanced? ; Is it necessary to take a coaching class to prepare for the JEE Advanced?Is Mediterranean Shipping Company good to join? ; Is Chennai Mediterranean shipping company is good to join?How do I clear a clogged ear? ; How do I unpop a clogged ear?Why do guys fall in love more easily than girls but experience more difficulty committing? Could guys with commitment issues ever settle down happily? ; Why do guys fall in love so easily?How can I earn from online? ; What are the best ways to earn money from home?Is our PM Modi doing the correct thing with 500 and 1000 Rs notes? ; Why Narendra Modi banned 500 and 1000 notes in India?If I'm not a millionaire, am I qualified to answer questions about becoming a millionaire? ; I am risk averse. How do I become millionaire?What are some ways to lose 25 pounds in one month? ; How can I lose weight quickly?If you were given a chance to be somebody else for a day, who would you be? ; If you were given a chance to be somebody else for one day, who would you be?Has there been scientific evidence that ghosts exist? ; Has there been any serious scientific study into unexplained phenomenon such as ghosts etc.?Would you want to know how you'll die or when you'll die? ; Would you rather know when you will die or how you will die?What can I do to practice my English? ; How can I continue to improve my English?What are the best ways to wake up early? ; How can I wake up early in the winter?What is the cost of a college education in Mexico? ; Why is the cost of college education so expensive?Is there an option for personal chat on Quora? ; Is there no option to chat with a person on Quora?Where you can find Pest control service in Sydney? ; Where can I get environment friendly pest control service in Sydney?What are the way that I could teach my kids on how to save money? ; How would you teach your kids the value of money?How is the SONY MDR-XB950 headphones for gym purposes? ; Which on-ear headphone is good to purchase in the range of 1500 to 2000? Which should be preferred, Sony, JBL or any other? How is Sony MDR-XB450?What business should I start with 50 lacs? ; I have 50 lac and want to start a new business? Which business can I start in Mumbai on large scale?What will happen if I turn off my computer when it says "getting Windows ready don't turn off your computer"? ; In a mobile phone, there is a scheduled power on and off, but I couldn't find anything that can turn the computer on. The programs can only shut the computer off, not power it on. How can I start my PC on the time I want?The first term of a geometric sequence is 16 and the fifth term is 9. What is the value of the seventh term? ; The sum of the first n terms of an AP is 153, common difference is 2. If the first term is an integer then what is number of possible values of n?Can people actively control their emotions? ; How do I gain emotional intelligence and control my emotions?What is the best year of the Subaru WRX? ; Subaru WRX VS Nissan 370z. Which is more fun to drive?What would have happened if Krishna is not on the side of Pandavas? ; What would have happened if Krishna was not on the side of Pandavas?Will I get refund after preparation of chart for wait listed ticket? ; What will be the reductions in the refund amount if a waiting list is cancelled before the chart is prepared?How should I prepare right from first year to crack Google Summer Of Code? ; What are the tips for clearing Google Summer of Code?What are some quotes on stupidity? ; What are some of the most stupid quotes?Does Yale University offer a Fulbright scholarship in Economics? ; Is there a BSc Economics course being offered in India by a top distance university?Where I can find cheap but branded cloths in Bangalore? ; Where can I find good branded clothing in Bangalore at cheap price?My boyfriend wants to have anal sex with me; will it hurt or feel good? ; My boyfriend wants to have sex with me . And I have mixed feelings regarding that. Should I do it or not ?What would Michael Jackson think of Donald trump if Michael was alive today? ; What is the average dick size across countries?How is it to date someone who is 5+ years elder to you? ; How do I get over someone I have known my own life. I dated him for 5 years plus and I dont know what to do, we are still talking but will that work?How is culture important in life? ; What is the importance of culture in our life?Which of the sentences is correct? I have visited my doctor yesterday, I visited my doctor yesterday or I had visited my doctor yesterday ; I too made friend with a doctor recently. Is this sentence grammatically correct?How much does a pint of beer cost on average in Canada? ; Why does a 6-pack of beer cost so much in Australia?Why do you care what other people think? ; How can I stop worrying about what other people think?How can you increase your tolerance for pain? ; How do you increase your pain tolerance?How funny was the TV Show Joey after F.R.I.E.N.D.S.? ; Have you watched Joey TV Show after watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S.?How can I get rid of cellulite on my stomach? ; I am in good shape but have a trouble spot of cellulite right under my glutes at the top of my thighs, how can I get rid of this?PAN Card: I lost my Aadhaar card. How can I get a second copy? ; What benefits do Aadhaar cards grant bearers?What is the biggest scam in india now? ; What is the biggest scam in history?What does the word "few" mean? ; What is a five letter word meaning pace?How do telecoms trace my location? ; How can we trace a phone call's origin or cellphone location?Hiring manager tells me that HR will call in about 1-2 weeks and ask the next step.? ; Difference between oppo mobiles in dubai n in india?How do I improve at drawing? ; How do you improve your drawing?How can I unlock an iPhone without knowing the Apple ID or password? ; Does Apple know my iPhone code?Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Japan? ; Why are saltwater taffy imported in Japan?What is jayalalitha's health issue? ; How is chief minister Jayalalitha's health condition?What are the most epic, funniest farewell emails ever sent to coworkers when leaving a company? ; I am leaving the city. How can I make an emotional farewell?Why are "bad boys" so attractive? ; Are girls attracted to boys as much as boys are attracted to girls?What should I do if I have a splinter in my foot and can't remove it myself? ; Is it okay to leave a splinter where it is if you can't remove it?Should porn websites will be banned from India? ; Should porn websites be banned in India?Fitness: What can I do to reduce my bulky tummy? ; How do I reduce tummy?Why do some people sweat excessively in their armpits? ; Why some people sweat excessively in their armpit but it has no odorous stinky smell?Who are most corrupt Indian politicians? ; How corrupt are Indian politicians?How can can I delete my yahoo email account? ; How can you delete your Yahoo Mail ID?What is your review of the 2016 MacBook Pro? ; What is your review of the MacBook Pro (2016)?Do I need a domicile certificate for NEET? ; Does domicile apply for NEET Phase 2?I am a seventeen-year-old male and my height is 5'6". Can I reach 5'8" or 5'9"? ; I am 16 years old and my height is 5'6" can I gow to 5'9"?Which is the best city to reside in India? ; Which is the best city in North India?What is the most unusual story you've ever heard? ; What is the most unusual love story that you have ever heard?Is there any proof that ghosts really exist? ; Do ghosts really exist? If no, how do we explain some people getting possesed?How do I recover from moderate depression? ; How can I recover from depression?What are some good reasons not to sign up for Quora? ; Getting Started on Quora: What is Quora?If I give IIM A B and C 5 stars each, how do you rate L I and K? ; How does it feel to be at IIM-A, B, C, I, K, L?What is the best way to soak gummy bears in Ciroc vodka? ; What if I know only Python, is it any good, in terms of high paying jobs?Can I take vitamin B Complex without doctor’s prescription on my own? ; Why is it called Vitamin B-Complex?How is technology changing entertainment? ; Wheather a newswebsite appoint its own correspondent and issued id card them in India?What is the meaning of Urdu word 'Nasaaz'? ; What is the meaning of Urdu word 'Ehteraam'?What are the strongest competitive lists going in Warhammer 40k at the moment, and why? ; How do I know what army to choose next in Warhammer 40K?What will be the most in demand programming language in 5 years? ; What are the most in-demand programming languages in the UK?How do I make money from my Car? ; How can I make money from my car?What is the salary of an engineer? ; What is the salary for engineer?How can I overcome negative thoughts? ; How can I Ignore negative thoughts?Why Supreme court directs Karnataka to release water in no of TMC ? Why cant it be in % TMC of water Karnataka having ? See details. ; Why is there ragging in IITs even though it's banned by the Supreme Court?How do I stop being socially awkward and introverted? ; How do I make friends as a shy, socially awkward introvert?What are some lesser known facts about ants? ; What are some interesting facts about ants?How can I create a type writing effect on a template? ; How can I create a typing effect on my website?How do I become a career counselor? ; What one has to do for becoming career counselor?How can I stop myself from being extrovert? ; How should I stop being an introvert?Should I get an Xbox One or PS4? And why? ; Should I buy a PS4, Xbox One or gaming PC?Are near death experiences real? ; Are Near Death Experiences Proved?What is the best way to introduce yourself in English? ; How can you introduce yourself?Is it possible for a mobile phone to explode? ; Do mobile phones explode?What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Slovakia for the first time? ; What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Ukraine for the first time?Do blackholes exist? ; Do black holes exist?How did the founders of After School app market to teens? ; How did after school come up with their logo?What are the most beautiful French songs? ; What are some good French songs?What would be the best flight simulator for a laptop? ; What would be the overall best flight simulator for a laptop?How much money do the Alaskan Bush People make on TV? ; How much money do Uber drivers make?Why is Snapchat currently more or less successful than Whatsapp? ; How is Snapchat valued more than Twitter?How did Donald Trump win despite projections that he would fail? ; How did Donald Trump win the Presidential election?Why can't I follow a question on Quora anonymously? ; Why can't you anonymously follow a question on Quora?How hard would it be for somebody on my home wifi network to get all the data coming in and going out, even data sent by other computers? ; If you had a WiFi network powered by the sun that connected two galaxies, how long would it take to send and receive information; light years or hours? Is there a way to boost the transmission speeds of data on a WiFi network connecting two galaxies?Are there any data sources for places of interest (POIs) in JSON format? ; Is there any music data in JSON format?How do you define rough sex? ; What kind of sex do women prefer, rough or tender?What would be the expected salary of an income tax inspector after their seventh pay commission? ; In hand salary of an income tax inspector, India, new recruit?What do you struggle with most in your life? ; What are you struggling with in your life?Can you get pregnant 5 days before ovulation? Why or why not? ; Can you get pregnant 5 days after your periods?How much time is required to complete the CBSE 11th and the CBSE 12th syllabus through self-study? Is it possible to do it in 6 months? ; Can I complete the whole 11th CBSE syllabus in 1 month?What are some of the best sources to learn the Urdu language? ; Which are the best sources to learn Hindi?What do guys think of girls that act goofy and self-deprecating? ; What would guys think if a chubby girl likes him?Why internet is only for 28 days? ; Which is the safest condom for having sex?How can I live and work in Dubai? ; What is it like to live and work in Dubai?How can I avoid sleeping during studying? ; How can I keep myself awake during boring lectures?My GF still talks and hangs out with her ex while I am at work. Told her I don't like it but she says they are just friends. Should I be worried? ; What kind of camouflage pattern this?Have dogfights like those in Top Gun ever occurred in the real world between countries? ; What were the call signs in the movie Top Gun?Why can't anything travel faster than the speed of light? ; How do we know that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light?How do I confirm if I have bipolar disorder? ; How do you know if you are bipolar?What are the different types of communication media and what are some examples? ; What are the different types of communication?What is the best Python text editor for data scientists (iPython, PyCharm, Eclipse, etc.)? ; How do I run Python script in PyCharm?What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy? ; What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?How do I completely remove/uninstall Eclipse from my computer? ; What is hohobnd? Is it a virus? How can I remove it from my computer?What is the power factor in the open delta connection of transformers? How is it determined? ; What are the effects of leading power factor on loads, transformers & generators?How can I recover a lost T-Mobile phone? ; What are T-Mobile's lost phone policies?Which DSLR camera is better Nikon D3300 and Canon EOS 1300D? ; Which DSLR is better, Nikon D5500 or Canon EOS 60D?Which moment in your life changed you completely? ; What was the moment in your life that changed it completely?If someone shares his Google Drive with me and in the future deletes a file in it, will that file be available to me in my Drive? ; How do I save a shared file (shared with me) in my Google drive permanently (shared with me)?How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy? ; What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?What is the easiest way to hack a database? ; How exactly do you hack a website/database?Why did Hillary Clinton think it was necessary to use a private server to conduct her personal and government communications? ; What is the real reason that Hillary set up her own private email server as Secretary of State?Is it wise to move in with your boyfriend of 6 months into his place? ; How can I know why I'm so in love with my boyfriend of only 6 months?Why should I do self respect? ; Why cant we listen to John lennon?Do I need to watch Harry Potter before watching Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? ; Should I watch the Harry Potter series before watching Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them?How can I read a book better? ; Writing own notes by reading or only reading the book is better?How do I get a job in Australia shipping? ; How do I get IT jobs in Australia?Which is the best institute engineering elective subject offered by other departments for a B.Tech Computer Science student in IIT Roorkee? ; What is the best website for fresher computer science B.Tech students to grab a job?Why does some engineering students struggle to get job? ; Why do engineering graduates not get jobs?What are average IQ scores by age? ; What is the best way to get my IQ checked online?Are food allergies more common in USA? ; Why are food allergies so common in USA?Data Recovery: I've lost all my contacts on my iPhone, however they are all there in iCloud. How can I get them back onto my iPhone? ; How do I recover the lost contacts from an iPhone 6?What will be repercussion of India's surgical strike to Pakistan? ; What do you think of India’s surgical strikes that took place against terrorists in Pakistan?What are the biggest strengths of The Indian Army? ; What are the best strengths of Indian Army?What are the differences between 1st, 2nd and 3rd person point of view? ; What are the different types of point of view? How do they differ from each other?Why are American conservatives and libertatians afraid of big governments? ; When do Trump and his Trumpeters think America was great before, and how are they planning to get us back to that era?Do you think chatbots are really the new apps? ; Are chatbots the new apps?We plan to shift in Koramangala, Bangalore. Which are some reasonably good schools there? What are some schools in Jaynagar? ; What are the best media schools in Bangalore?How do I heat up my laptop? ; Why does my food heat up unevenly in the microwave?Why are Japan and the U.S. so upset about the peace and prosperity in SCS and bilateral talk between the Philippines and China? ; Why has Philippine polluted the SCS water by sinking its 2nd-hand US warship on Chinese island and should China do something about it?How should I start learning Python? ; How should I begin learning Python?Does financial modelling have any scope in India? ; What is the Scope of financial modelling in India?How is Narendra Modi as a person? ; What is like to meet Narendra Modi?Which is the best startup accelerator? ; Which are the best startup accelerators in Dallas?Why do they say that one must not visit both Sri Kalahasti and Tirupathi? ; What are must visit temples in India?I don't feel like going to school and this is like everyday story. What should I do? I'm in 11th grade. ; I'm 21. I no longer like going to school and don't see the point. I feel I'm so distant from friends recently. What should I do to make life more interesting? Should I take an adventure somewhere?In how many ways can we create object in Java? ; How many ways can we create an object in java?After my onsite interview at Google, I did not get the SRE position. They said they'd "send my file to other recruiters." Is this a common rejection? ; Google Recruiting: Are you expected to send a thank you / follow-up email after an on-site interview?Which hindi songs are good for singing audition for male? ; What are some Hindi songs that I can sing on stage without any background music and it would sound good?Where can I sell my unimplemented business idea? ; Where  can i sell a business idea?Can I use Jio 4G sim in 3G mobile? ; Jio 4G on 3G mobile?Have I made a huge mistake not telling her? ; I made a huge mistake, now what?What is that one question or answer on Quora that changed your life? ; What is that one question or answer in Quora that changed your life?Why do some people still think Global warming a myth? ; Why are there people who still don't believe that global warming is real?What's the difference between a post office and bank? ; Where can I find a postal code?What is the best romance anime? ; What is your absolute favourite romance anime?How would you describe this type of style? ; How would you describe your style?What are some stories in which a student did not get good marks in JEE Main but scored good marks in JEE Advanced? ; Have low scorers in the JEE Mains ever managed to make it to an IIT with good advanced scores?Which is the cheapest and best bluetooth speaker? ; Which is the best Bluetooth speaker under Rs2000?How did Martin Heidegger's childhood influence his work? ; How can one go back to his childhood?What are some books to expand your mind and increase intelligence? ; What are some books that expand our mind?What is the excise refund on a brand new tourist permit vehicle in Mumbai, India? (Volkswagen Vento 2015 highline MT)? ; What is the excise refund on a brand new tourist permit vehicle in Mumbai, India? (Car: Volkswagen Vento 2015 highline MT)What matters at the end most? ; What matters at the end of the day, week, month, year and Life?How do you earn money from internet? ; How can we earn money online in india?What makes Earth to rotate on its axis? ; What Is the cause of earth rotation around Its axis?How do we should live? ; How do we live?Who's your favourite character in the Walking Dead? ; Who is your favourite character in the TV series The Walking Dead? Why?Should you tip your Lyft driver? ; Should you tip your Uber driver?What is your political affiliation and why? ; What are some political affiliations?What is Queen's University's acceptance rate for international students? ; What personality traits are predictive of worse outcomes/adaptions when one develops dementia?What should I do to prepare for NDA? ; How can I prepare for NDA in 6 months?What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India? ; Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?Is isolating Pakistan at the international stage the best step India can take after the Uri attacks on the diplomatic front? ; What is the best option to respond to Pakistan after Uri attack?What would be the voltage regulation if there is capaciyicve load? ; What does it mean if a website is hosted on a load balanced web server and that sticky sessions would have to be enabled on the load balancers and that session checks would have to be done on page loads?How do I know who are following WordPress blog when it shows different numbers of followers in different pages? ; How and why do religious people who follow specific teachings feel compassion for those who follow different ones, when those teachings suggest they are worshiping false gods?How much is a Bob Ross painting worth? How much should I bid on eBay? ; Why did Bob Ross perm his hair?Is 21 too late to learn guitar? ; Is it too late to learn how to sing at age 21?What programming language I should learn first? ; What is the best computer programming language to learn first?The remote device or resource won't accept the connection problem in Windows 8.1. How do I solve this problem? ; When I reformat my Neo laptop into Windows 8.1, its speakers make no sounds. How can I fix this kind of problem?How can I start my startup? ; What's the best way to start a startup?What are the best restaurants in Silicon Valley overall? ; What are some good restaurants in Silicon Valley?What are some home remedies for menstrual cramping and bloating? ; What are some home remedies for treating diarrhea?How do I practice semen retention? ; What is semen retention?What are the best workout songs? ; Which are the best workout songs?Who is next CM of Gujarat? ; Who will be next CM of Gujarat?What is the taste of semen? ; What does cum taste like?What is the difference between I had had and I have had? ; What's the difference between "I have had and I had"?How is black money stored in a Swiss bank? ; What is black money and why is it stored in Swiss banks?Is it illegal to use a fake .edu email to get student discounts? ; Do Manipal students get a .edu email address?What are the differences between WeChat and QQ? ; Why is QQ more popular than WeChat?Is there any way to recover an e-mail in Gmail after it's deleted from the trash? ; Is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my Gmail account?Why do people on Quora ask silly questions about the facts which can be googled very easily? ; Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?Do airlines know what I'm buying in the airport? ; What do airport planners think of the video game series Airline Tycoon?Why do people ask such stupid questions on Quora? ; Why do people have to ask Quora for questions?How was it to meet Richard Feynman? ; What was it like to meet Richard Feynman?What should I do to make money online in India? ; What are some easy ways to make done extra money online?How do I back up an Amazon EC2 instance automatically? ; I've accidentally deleted my EC2 instance with no snapshot or EBS backup. Can I or Amazon recuperate the instance?Is Donald Trump the best for America? ; Is Donald Trump the best presidential candidate?What color was Adam and Eve? ; Who between Adam and Eve was black?What are your views on responses given by Presidential candidates on the first debate 2016? ; What do you think about the first presidential debate between Hillary and Trump?What is the best workflow process from web design to web development using Adobe muse? ; What is the best workflow process from design to development using Adobe Muse?How can I gain weight as an 18 year old girl? ; How do I gain weight as a teenager?What should be a human like "with Full of thoughts and emotions or just a intelligent species to work only? ; What would a society based on laws enforcing only consensual interaction free of force, threat, or deception among humans and having no other kinds of laws be like?Can we kill a black hole? ; Can a black hole be destroyed?How I can be good at handwriting? ; How can I have good handwriting?How can I write up a funky message for my best friend who is going to abroad for studies? ; If you study abroad in Japan how hard is it to make a local friend?What are some of the most common examples of metals and non-metals? ; What are some common examples of metal carbonates?How do kilns work? ; How does a kiln work?Why is there no c flat in music? ; Should I shift the key of C when transposing music?What is the current political scenario of India? ; What is the current political scenario in India?How can I create multiple streams of income? ; Can a person realistically create multiple streams of income?How did you learn to speak English? ; How can I learn to speak a fluent English?Who is the better singer: Arijit Singh, Mohit Chauhan Or Sonu Nigam? ; How many of you think KK is much better than Arijit Singh?Why did people think that Donald Trump will be a good president and voted for him? ; Why is Donald Trump so popular?My ex girlfriend just gave birth to a child with the guy she cheated me with , but the asshole abandoned her, what should I do? ; How can I get Clash Of Clans Gem or Gold for free? ‎What causes a premature birth? ; What are the causes of preterm birth?What is the scope of an electronics and communications engineer in India? ; Do Electronics and Communication Engineers have any scope in India? Why or why not?What is it like to be a non-Mormon attending a Mormon college or university? ; Why don't Mormons clap at church?What kind of underwear should guys wear for gymming? ; What kind of underwear should a guy wear?What do belly button piercings feel like? ; How do belly button piercings close?I am poor in English grammar so how should I improve my grammar? ; What can I do to improve my English Grammar?What is the best App for downloading films for free? ; What are the best apps for downloading films for free?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Trustmark? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Microsoft?Why can't we just block the import of Chinese goods in India? ; Why should India tolerate China, when it seems to block every single move of India in the Geo-political arena? Can't we block Chinese goods in India?Why do you think IFS is better than IAS for the long term? ; Why should one choose IPS over IAS?How is the word "jocund" used in a sentence? ; How is the word 'inarticulate' used in a sentence?Why are some questions marked as "needing improvement" when clearly they do not need improving? ; Why do all of my questions on Quora need improvement?How can I fall in love? ; How is it to fall in love.?Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs? ; which laptop will be best under Rs 30,000?How the economic system of a country affects foreign firms interested in doing business there? ; Which colour is best for a Thunderbird, matte black or normal black?Do guys forget about girls they like easily? ; Is it true that Darwin plagiarized his theory of evolution?Is it possible to crack the JEE Mains and Advanced 2016 if I start preparing now? ; Is it too late to start preparing for the JEE Mains 2016 if I start right now?What is the cause of death of Robert J. Cooper? ; Is there a death caused by aging?Which are the best onlime companies in India? ; Which is the best IT company in India?Why do people believe in God and how can they say he/she exists? ; Why do people believe in a higher power and God?What is your most amazing personal story of traveling to Rome? ; What is your most amazing personal story of traveling to Philippines?How do I become the Top Writer on Quora, get more upvotes and better stats? ; How do you become a Top Writer on Quora for 2014?How do I make India as corruption free? ; What steps must Indians take to make India corruption free?How was Ronald Reagan viewed by progressives and liberals? ; What is the liberal perspective of Ronald Reagan?Which Indian medical colleges have a good reputation in USA? ; Which is more rewarding? An MS in USA or Germany? This is about my friend- currently pursuing BTech in computer engg from a reputed college in MumbaiWhat is the best food in Pune and where do I get it? ; What is the best food in Pune?What is DDoS? ; What is a DDoS attack?What would be a realistic plan to lose weight? ; How can I efficiently lose weight?What are your absolute favorite 7 books? ; What are your favorite books of all time? And why?How do I fix the date on my watch? ; What does the interior of a Rolex Day-Date watch look like?I was recently hired at Accenture in the Netherlands in technology consultancy. I was hired at level 11 analyst with 12 months at this level. How much time will it take me to get my first promotion to consultant? ; My career level in Accenture is 11. How will I get promoted, and the salary increment if I work for lifetime?What is Visual FoxPro database? ; What is Visual FoxPro?How do I tell the difference between all NASA's space shuttles? ; Were there any substantive differences between the space shuttles?What can I do after completing Bcom? ; What should I do after completing my bcom?How Google Pixel's camera is better than any other phone even iPhone? ; I've not had my period for 3 months now (Last period ended on June 9th). I'm 17, never been sexually active. What should I do?Where can I find startup advisors? ; How can i find Advisors who can help me with startup incorporation?How do you move on with a broken heart? ; How do you get over a broken heart?Why has not any Indian Mathematician won a Fields Medal? ; Why has an Indian born person never received the Fields medal?Is the Korean War a hoax? ; Who won the Korean War?Which is the best Teradata online training? ; Where is the best institute for Teradata Online Training?How are YIF placements? ; I am really impressed by the course structure of YIF. I wish to make my career in marketing. Is it a good option for me to join YIF?How do you distinguish fake, plastic rice imported from China from the real rice that doesn't have plastic in it? ; How can Asian people eat rice three times a day?Is it really a big disadvantage to graduate at 27? ; How big of a disadvantage am I at for graduate admissions if I go to a school ranked in the mid 60's for CS?How long will the reservation system (quota) continue in India? ; Will the caste-based reservation system come to an end in India?What are the advantages of mechanical energy? ; How much energy is there in X and gamma rays (in eV)?How do the tourist attractions on the Scandinavian Highlands compare to attractions in Belgium? ; How do the tourist attractions on the Scandinavian Highlands compare to attractions in the Netherlands?How do I make money starting a blog? ; How can I start making money by starting a blog?My husband bangs on things and breaks them during our fights. He has never hit me, though. He doesn't sort things through discussion. He also hurls abuses at me. Am I just waiting to be hit by him? Would that be his next step? ; I admitted to a man I liked him, and heard later he liked me. He never told me. Why was he mad at me when he didn't make up his mind and I moved on?What are the east way to hack whatsapp? ; Can someone hack my smart phone using WhatsApp?What are your 2017 New Year’s resolution(s)? ; What are some of the craziest New Year’s resolutions you are considering making for 2017?What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Denmark's? ; What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Slovakia's?Is it possible to reduce 17 lbs in one month? ; What are the best ways to lose weight?What are scotch eggs and when were they invented? ; What are scotch eggs and what are their origins?How come some people don't dream while they sleep? ; Why don't Japanese people sleep on a bed?Job interview defect? ; What was the purpose of the Iran nuclear deal if Iran wasn't planning to build a nuclear weapon?What does honors means in graduation? ; I have trouble getting my claim amount form apps daily insurance?Is there any law that prohibits a naval officer from wearing uniform in witness box as shown in Rustom? ; Are there any laws that prohibit a sports league from influencing results in order to increase profits from ticket sales and advertising revenues?What are the best excuses for taking casual leave when you have just joined a new company? ; What excuse should I give to my manager to leave the job that I joined just a month ago?Can dogs eat grape jelly? Why or why not? ; Are grapes bad for any breeds of dogs?What are the most interesting products and innovations that Boston Beer is coming out with in 2016? ; What are the most interesting products and innovations that Boston Scientific is coming out with in 2016?What type of government does Guatemala have? How does it compare to the one in Canada? ; What type of government does Guatemala have? How does it compare to the one in Venezuela?Is Sathyabama a good university? ; What is Victoria University good at?What was the cotton gin's impact on American slavery? ; How important was slavery to the South's competitiveness in the global cotton trade?What are the best games for couples to play? ; What are some good games for a couple to play?How do I convert NRE FD to RFC? ; How do I convert NRE FD for RFC?What might cause a brown discharge during the menstrual cycle (before/during/after menstruation)? ; Why do I get a brown discharge before my menstrual cycle?How do I ask questions with pictures on "Quora"? ; How can ask questions using photos?What skills do all successful salespeople have in common? ; What personality traits do all successful salespeople have in common?I have lost both of my CBSE 10th and 12th pass certificate and I have a doubt in applying for the duplicate, did anyone else apply? ; I have lost my CBSE Board 12th class certificate. What should I do?What is a fictional work that is genuinely good but has a terrible fan base? ; What are some good Harry Potter/Dean Thomas fan fictions?How do you get a job at an embassy or consulate? ; How can you get a job in any embassy?What are some of the best side dishes for pork chops? ; What are some good side dishes for pork ribs?What would happen to Tupac Shakur, criminally, if he is still alive (faked his death) and he came back into the public? ; If Elliot Rodger hadn't committed suicide, and was still alive, what charges would he have faced, and what would his sentence be?What is the sigmoid function, and what is its use in machine learning's neural networks? ; How is machine learning used in finance?What are arguments in favor of Israeli settlements? ; What defense is there of Israeli settlements?What is oracle erp cloud? ; What is oracle erp?How do you become a freelance writer in India? ; How can I become a freelance writer in India?What does the final phone call at the end of Season 1 Episode 1 in "The Man in the High Castle" mean? ; Where do the films in The Man in the High Castle come from?How can I draw myself as an anime character? ; How do I draw my anime character?Why doesn't caller ID display the callers name on a cell phone if the number isn't in my contact list? ; How can I access caller ID on an Android phone?How does a capacitor regulate? ; How do capacitors regulate?What is the true meaning of freedom according to you? ; What does Freedom mean to you? Are we really free?Did Jesus' apostles go back to their day jobs after the crucifixion? ; When Jesus said that one of the apostles(Judas) will betray Him for it's according to God's salvation plan, was Judas predestined to go to hell?Is it true that Isaac Newton smoked? ; Is it true that Isaac Newton was born prematurely and had autism or obsessive compulsive disorder?What is served for breakfast on a typical US army base? ; How advanced is us army?What is a suitable solar panel installation provider near Laveen, Arizona AZ? ; What is a suitable solar panel installation provider in Yuma, Arizona AZ?Are men the root of all evil? ; Is masculine behavior the root of all evil?How come on some answers on Quora it says "cannot add comment at this time"? ; Why is there no comment section on some answers ?What can one do to control his/her anger? ; What's the best method to control anger?What are the best digital marketing courses for mid-senior level marketing managers? ; What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?What are some good Virat Kohli memes/jokes? ; Is Rohit Sharma jealous of Virat Kohli?How good do I have to be at art to be accepted into art school? ; Should an artist go to Art School to be successful?What is a transform? ; What is a transformer?Which is the best RO water purifier in Ahmedabad?
 ; What is the best water purifier available in India?Why can I not add my friend back on Snapchat? ; If you delete someone off snapchat how do you add them back?What is normalized score in gate exam? ; What is normalized score in GATE?How do I impress my Would-be Mother-in-law? ; How do I impress my mother in law?At what age do puppies stop biting? ; My 2 months old female golden retriever puppy bites a lot. It doesn't look like play biting. She bites very furiously. Even when we are walking through her she follows us and tries to bite us very hard. What do I have to do to stop my puppy from biting?What are some interesting research areas in electrical engineering? ; What are the top research fields in electrical engineering?What's the worst experience you've had while in a restaurant? ; What is the worst restaurant experience you ever had?How fast could the world's fastest supercomputer brute force crack a password? ; What methods are used to counter a brute force password attack?How does the rate of student happiness/unhappiness at MIT differ from major to major? ; How does the rate of student happiness/unhappiness at Dartmouth differ from major to major?Which are the better laptops, HP or Dell? ; Whose laptops are better, HP or Dell?How do you print a family tree from Ancestry.com? ; How can I print documents from ancestry?How is an intelligence quotient test preformed and what is considered the average score in Alabama and how does this compare to Tennessee? ; How is an intelligence quotient test preformed and what is considered the average score in Alabama and how does this compare to Texas?What is that one decision that changed your life forever? ; What is one decision that changed your life forever?Why are the oil prices decreasing? ; Why crude oil price is decreasing?What are the most underrated travel destinations? ; What is the most underrated European travel destination?How do you get over an attitude problem? ; How do you solve an attitude problem?What are the colleges that I can apply for MS in CS in US based on my profile? ; What colleges should I apply for MS in CS based on my profile?What are some thoughts about death? ; What do you think happens after death?I found these needle cases with Arabic on them. Could someone translate them? ; I'm a translator and want to partner up with promising startups to introduce these in Germany. Where do I start to find and approach them?Do the President of the United States and his family have to live in the White House? ; What does the president of the united states do with their house while living in the white house?What are the sensors available in Acer Liquid Z630S Android Smart phone by using CPU-Z App? ; What are the five apps on your smart phone that you use most often?What are the apps that I should install before or after rooting my Android device? ; Which Android apps are necessary before rooting?How does it feel to be adopted, as a teenager, after your parents die? ; What does it feel like, as a parent to see your child be obese?I have a feeling for a girl there, but I'm leaving soon. Should I ask the girl directly if I could send her flowers every month when I'm still here? ; I think I'm developing feelings for a girl. I don't have a chance with her 'cause she has a boyfriend. Should I still tell her before she leaves?Why were people against the amendment 14? ; Why does OCB (rolling paper) has been recently banned in Surat?Shouldn't we have debates between NaMo and RaGa similar to the US presidential debates? ; Why there is presidential debates in US and not in India?Human Behavior: What is the one lie that you tell yourself repeatedly? ; What is the lie you tell most often?How can I pass the 70-680 certification exam? ; How can I pass the 70-410 exam?How can you be fit? ; How can I fit in Germany?How do I apply stochastic gradient descent? ; What does momentum mean in stochastic gradient descent?I want to buy a 32 inches LED TV under Rs 20,000. Is online LED TV is safe? ; Which is best 32 inch led tv to buy below 20,000 INR?What does the blue French horn symbolize? ; Is the French horn worth trying?How often does Netflix add new titles to their streaming collection? ; On average, how soon after box office release does Netflix make new movies available for streaming?What is a goood answer to 'Why should I not hire you?' ; What is the best answer to why should I not hire you?What is the best time of the year to visit Glacier National Park? ; When is the best time to visit Death Valley National Park?What are buffer regions? ; What is a buffer?Is it healthy to sit in front of a computer 10 hours a day? ; Is going to the gym the best option to stay healthy for people who spend 10+ hours a day sitting in front of the computer?How Bruce Lee died? ; Who killed Bruce Lee?In which order should one watch all the marvel movies (and TV shows) in order to understand the timeline well? ; What would be a good chronological order to watch all the Marvel MCU movies in?How do you develop a genuine interest in something you have no interest in? ; How do I develop more interests in life?What evidence is there for Jesus Christ's death, burial, and resurrection? ; Is there extra biblical evidence for the resurrected Jesus Christ?What is train? ; What is training?How do you determine the solubility of zinc hydroxide? ; How can you determine lithium hydroxides solubility?What is the best URL shortner extension for Safari? ; What are the best YouTube Safari extensions?If someone doesn't reply to an email and I have to send a repeat email, should I pretend as if I didn't email them before? ; What does it mean if I email someone after a party (after they encourage me to email them) and they don't bother replying, even after multiple emails?How long does it take to be a professional web designer? ; How long does it take to become a decent web designer?What is the best way to commit suicide? ; What is the easiest way to commite suicide?Is mechanical keyboard really helpful for touch typing? ; Is mechanical keyboard helpful for Touch Typing?What is Bitcoin and how does it work? Is it legal? Who's behind it? ; What is an intuitive explanation of how bitcoin mining works?What are the best programming languages to learn today? ; How many languages need for computer programming and which is the best?Why we need an error term in regression model? What is its statistical distribution? ; What's in the error term of a regression?Is the global warming climate change things for real or a hoax? ; Is it possible that global warming is a hoax?Who was the greater general, Russia's Zhukov or Germany's Von Manstein? Why? ; Who was the greater General, Marshal Zhukov of Russia, or Van Manstein of Germany? Why?How much energy/heat does one standard tea light candle produce? ; Does the light energy only convert into heat energy? Can't it convert into any other energy? If it can give me an example?Osmania University rank? ; What are some ways to restore a Windows 7 laptop?Are shoe purchases subject to sales tax in New Jersey? ; Where can I live in new jersey?What is the sallary of a bank po? ; I yell at my girl friend very often, even for silly things.But I love her more than anything.What should I do to control my anger and start love her?What would most likely happen if cats and dogs grow to develop opposable thumbs? ; Why do people prefer a dog as opposed to a cat?Does having bad teeth kill someone faster? ; Does having bad teeth mean you will die young?How did Donald trump win the elections? ; How can Donald Trump win the elections when people hate him so much?How can medical doctors move into biotech or molecular biology? ; How can medical doctors move into biotech?Does masturbation affect bodybuilding or muscle growth? ; Does masturbation affects bodybuilding or muscles growth?How do I earn extra income in Dubai? ; How do I earn extra income in delhi?I emailed my interviewer after the technical interview and the admissions team. Why haven't I gotten a reply for both of them? ; I have applied for the Thought Works company through their website. I got mail from their HR team asking me to suggest a date to have a telephone interview. I have replied back for the same but still didn't get any response from them. Will they call without informing anything through mail?What is the best advice your father ever gave you? ; What's the best advice your father ever gave you?Which is the best Test Series SSC CGL Tier 2 exam? ; Where can I find mock test papers for SSC CGL tier 2?What is the worst mistake you've made? ; What is the worst mistake ever made by mankind?Why was Dragon Skin armor rejected by the U.S. Army? ; What is it like to swear in to the U.S. Army?What is the difference between a public sector unit job and a government job? ; What is the difference between Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) jobs and government jobs in India?How much does Kapil Sharma charge for a show? ; What if Ms. Alia Bhatt is invited as a guest in The Kapil Sharma Show?What is the health condition of Jayalalitha? ; What is the true health status of TamilNadu CM J Jayalalitha?How does Cantonese Chinese differ from Mandarin? ; What's the difference between Cantonese and Mandarin?What are the best iphone gadgets that you should buy? ; What are the best iPhone gadgets that really worth buying?Can WhatsApp be hacked? ; Is WhatsApp hacking possible?Do exotic car salesmen make more than those in the mainstream market? ; Are there crash tests for exotic cars?Is ice lighter than water? ; Why is ice lighter than water?What can one million dollars do? ; How do I invest one million dollars?Why do I never have nightmares? ; Why don't I get nightmares?How do I deal with my manager? ; How did you deal with the manager you hated?Who is Samuel in the bible? ; Who is Jonah in the bible?How can I get my audio disk transcribed to text online? ; How convert Hindi audio file into text?In the GST bill, what is the meaning of SGST, IGST and CGST when there should be just one kind of tax to be levied? ; Will Flipkart return to kerala (with cash on delivery) once the GST bill passed? (just because there won't be any separate sale tax for goods.)What are some online resources to learn UI design? ; What are good resources for learning Software UI design.How can I lose 70 pounds? ; Is there a healthy and safe way to lose about 20 pounds in a month and keep it off?Do the eyes of Kamakshi move in Kanchipuram? ; I am planning a trip to Manali from sonipat for 3 days by bus with my family. How should I plan to minimize cost?What are some good psychological hacks? ; What is the coolest psychological trick?What is the velocity of a photon in a black hole? ; What is the velocity of a photon attracted to singularity?How can I be feminine? ; How can I be more graceful and feminine?How do I score a good percentage in HSC Maharashtra boards? ; How do I score good in Physics in 12th HSC Board exam?How do you deal with emotionally abusive parents? ; Psychology of Everyday Life: How do I deal with emotionally abusive parents?I want a real and effective way to make $ 500 per month with the knowledge that I have no money to invest? ; The real effective way to make $ 500 per month with the knowledge that I have no money to invest?What is the basic purpose of nuclear bomb? ; For what purpose are the nuclear bombs?What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy? ; How does the introduction of new 500 and 2000 denomination currency and stopping old 500 & 1000 denomination currency help/ affect India's economy?What web script or CMS is xnxx.com made of? ; What CMS does forbes.com use?What prompted Wheel of Fortune to use the letters R S T L N and E in the bonus round? ; On Wheel of Fortune, why is there so much hand clapping? It occurs after every spin of the wheel & after anyone says anything.What are tips and hacks at finding cheap flights? ; What are some hacks on booking cheap flight tickets?What are the things that make Entrepreneurs sad? ; What are some things that make you sad?What is exactly the attention mechanism introduced to RNN (recurrent neural network)? It would be nice if you could make it easy to understand! ; Is Hebbian learning mechanism is essential to learn for better understanding artificial neural network? Is it okay to skip Hebbian mechanism?Can a student visa holder in Canada get permanent residence? ; How can I move to Canada legally with a student visa?How do I choose the best taxi services in Udaipur? ; How do I choose best taxi service in Udaipur? How can I find that?Is Donald Trump really a racist? ; Do you think Donald Trump is a racist? If so, why?How can I find work experience in Investment banking in London? ; How do I find investment banking work experience in London?What is a weak entity in DBMS? Why is it called weak? ; How do strong entity and weak entity sets differ in DBMS?What are some beginner level dynamic programming problems that one can try practicing on CodeChef and other online judges? ; What are some good problems that uses Dynamic Programming on Topcoder, Codeforces, Codechef and SPOJ?Is Quora useful? ; What is Quora most useful for?Why do not photons obey E = m c ^ 2? ; How can photons have no mass and yet still have energy given that [math]E=mc^2[/math]?What causes a car to lose power while driving? ; What should I do if my car is losing power while I'm driving?Do irregular periods after marriage delay conceiving? ; Do irregular menstrual periods affect female fertility?What is a Marketing Director? ; What is it like to be a marketing director?What is e-construction? ; What are constructers in Java?What is the district of Edgware and how does the lifestyle compare to the London Borough of Islington? ; What is the county of Edgware and how does the lifestyle compare to the London Borough of Enfield?What are some examples of friction in everyday life? ; What are the best life hacks with everyday objects?What are the best institutes to study a big data course in Hyderabad? ; What are the best institutes for big data in Hyderabad?What is a safe way to lose 40 pounds in 5 weeks? ; Is it safe to lose 40 pounds in 2 weeks?Can I earn from Quora? ; How can I use Quora to make money?Which option should I choose for MBA: TERI or ISBR? ; What is your review of TERI University, New Delhi?What are some movies you can't go your whole life without seeing? ; What are the movies one must see in his life?What does each line mean from the song STARBOY by Weeknd ? ; What is the meaning of the song Valerie by The Weeknd?How many times will you have sex in a day? ; How many times should one have sex a day?What causes people to judge a person by the way they look? ; Why do we often judge people by their appearance?How much equity should I get as CTO? ; How much equity should I get as CTO/co-founder?How does one ejaculate without achieving orgasm? ; Can one ejaculate without orgasm?What is the need of a president in a country like India? ; Is a president needed in a country like India?What are some of the best new camping inventions? ; What are some of the best new outdoor technology inventions?Why are Indians obsessed with God and religion? ; Are Indians so obsessed with the notion of religion and caste?How can I improve my c programming skills? ; How can I improve my C programming?What are some funny classic Bollywood songs? ; Which is the funniest Bollywood song of 2016?What is are the best jobs in the Philippines? ; What is the best work in the Philippines?What is the one thing that you would like to do if you had an unlimited amount of money? ; If you had an unlimited amount of money, what would you do with your life?Who owns FinViz.com? ; Who owns BillGates.com?How can i make money online easily? ; How do I quickly and easily make money online with available investment?How can I measure my body fat ? ; How do I reduce body fat properly?What is the best european country to start a business? ; What's the best European country to start a business in (as a U.S. citizen)?Why do some people not believe in God? ; Why are some people atheists?Which one is correct? “please let me know if you have any question” or ”please let me know if you have any questions” ; Is it correct to say "please let me know if you need help" or must I use "whether"?Why do some answers collapse in Quora? ; Why are so many good quality answers collapsed on Quora?Which is the best non-fiction book you have ever read? ; What are some good non-fiction books that I should read?What is the best SIP Plan in India? ; Which Best SIP plan in india for investement purpose?Where does Mexico get its gasoline from? ; How can someone from Mexico get into MIT?How do purified and distilled water differ? ; How are distilled water and purified water the same?Do I need any previous knowledge of Star Wars franchise to see/appreciate Rogue One: A Star Wars Story? ; Do I have to have seen any other Star Wars movies to understand Rogue One: A Star Wars Story?What was the best advice you've ever received? ; What is the best advice you ever received?What kind of heat sink do I need on my motherboard? ; What kind of hardware is needed to install Mac?How often does an ATM make a mistake in receiving or dispensing cash? ; How can you find if there is cash in your nearest ATM?Could Bruce Lee stand MMA fighters? ; Would Bruce Lee at his peak be able to contend with today's top MMA fighters?What is it like to be discreetly wealthy in Europe? ; What is it like to be discreetly wealthy?Was the White House built by slaves? ; Was the White House entirely built by slaves?What are the best Pokemon hacks? ; What are some of the best Pokemon Go hacks?What is a "Real Programmer"? ; What is the definition of "real programmer"?What will be the output of this C program? ; What will be output of this C++ program?Why we need step down voltage for distribution? ; Why don't we say, "ununderstandable?" After all, we say, "understandable."Some of the biggest mistake in life? ; Are mantras always good in nature? Can you share some evil mantras and their meaning?How do I write a good thesis title? ; Can I write my master thesis in one week?What should be a daily routine for anyone? ; What is your daily routine?What are some WordPress themes? ; Are there WordPress theme recommended?How can I lose 15 kilos in 5 months? ; How do I lose 5 kilos in a month?Is there going to be war against Russia? ; What is the likelihood of war with Russia?What is cost of 60kwatt solar power project? ; What is the most powerful, easy-to-make solar cooker for a school project?What are my chances of being admitted into the Cornell M.Eng. program in ECE? ; What are my chances to be admitted by the Cornell M.Eng. program in ECE?How come people on Quora ask questions here, when they can get them on Google and why is Quora just a question/answer site, will it expand? ; Why do people ask questions on Quora that can easily be answered by Google?What should be India's move against Pakistan after Nagrota attack? ; What steps should be taken immediately by our country against Pakistan for 29 th November attack?How do I get bokeh effect on 50mm f1.8 when the sweet spot is f5.6? ; Which Canon lenses should I buy, a 50mm f/1.8 or a 24mm f/2.8?Can a poor person get a good job? ; How should i find a good job?As i am so much confused whether to go for preparation of exams or job hunt.What are the indicators of GDP as a good measure of standard of living? ; How GDP might be a misleading measure of standard of living? how it might increase GDP but we would not, as a society...How do Chinese pronounce Japanese names? ; How are Chinese names converted to Japanese?What would happen if both Trump and Pence were assassinated before taking office? ; What would happen if both Donald Trump and Mike Pence were assassinated before the election?Do employees at Comfort Systems have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at MTS Systems have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?What are some of the best blogs for articles on Quora? ; What are some of the best blogs on Quora?I am DBA and planning for career shift. What are the different options? ; What is the equivalent of a Music Producer in Engineering?What is the summary of Malcolm X's speech "Ballot or the Bullet"? ; What does "X" mean in Malcolm X?So you would not answer my question? ; Why my question not any answer ?Is the lowest sum rule still used in naming of organic compounds? ; Is the lowest sum rule still used in naming organic compounds?What are the best arguments for the war on drugs? ; What are the strongest arguments for and against the war on drugs?How do you sync your iPod to iTunes? ; How do you connect to iTunes on your iPod?How many all time views do you have on your Quora answers (not questions) stats? ; How many all time views do you have on your Quora questions (not answers) stats?How do I connect three phase power with change overswitch to db three phase show the diagram? ; How does three-phase AC power generated during regenerative braking in trains, get converted back to single-phase AC to be fed back to the catenary wire?Can anyone send me the link to solution manual of Financial Accounting a managerial perspective by Narayanaswamy? ; Is it my lcd cables or lcd glass inside my laptop that is broken?How is it decided before birth whether a newborn baby will be Muslim, Christian, Buddhist or Jewish? ; Why is the term blog often used as a prefix in a URL? For example: blog.domain.com instead of domain.com/blog.?Why is technical drawing important for designers? ; Why is technical drawing important in engineering?Why is India afraid of having referendum in Kashmir? ; What is so wrong with the idea of having a referendum on Kashmir?What are the prominent features of usability that your organization considers while purchasing the ERP system? ; What are the prominent features of usability that your organisation considers while purchasing the ERP system?what are the signs a guy likes you ? ; How do I tell if a guy likes me?How do I deal with a dominating friend? ; How should I deal with dominating friends?Is potential energy theoretical? ; Is "potential energy" truly relative?What are some of the best things Donald Trump has said? ; What is the best thing Donald Trump has done?How can I delete Facebook messages or Conversation? ; How do I delete Facebook messages that I send to others?How important our education? ; How important is education?How common is it for a woman to like anal sex? ; How common is anal sex?What are the best universities in Germany for a Master's in computer science? ; What are some good universities in Germany for masters in computer science?What kind of programming language should I learn if I want to debug a game-making website like Zondle.com? ; What programming language should I learn if I want to create games?Should I tell her husband that his wife cheated on him with me? ; Should I tell him that his wife is cheating on him with her ex?How can I prepare for UGC net chemistry? ; How do I prepare for UGC NET (economics)?What is the one shot stop percentage with a Desert eagle 50AE? ; Is 3 % the survival chance of a direct hit to the head from a Desert Eagle 50AE?Where, if anywhere, in the Qur'an does it say that non-believers must be killed? In what context? ; Where does it say in the Christian Bible that you should kill non-believers?Can I paint glass with acrylic paint? Why or why not? ; How do you use acrylic paint on glass?Do parents really love all their kids equally? ; Do parents really mean it when they say they love all their children equally?What are the benefits of quitting smoking weed? ; What are the benefits and consequences of smoking weed?How would you summarize the purpose of life in one sentence? ; Which is that one inspiring sentence that moved your life?How do I recover my roposo password? ; How to reset password for gmail via sms?How can I unblock my Facebook account on Chrome? ; How can I unblock a Facebook account on Chrome?It is very challenging to encompass SNMP in a active measurement platform. Why? Can you also give me reference in literature that proves why? ; Do you believe that it is appropriate to refer to staff members by name in a mystery shopping report? Why or why notDid the Airbus A320 from US Airways Flight 1549 (which ditched in the Hudson River) ever fly again? ; Why does US Airways flight 1549 get so much attention when ALM Flight 980 made a successful water landing in the open ocean?Which is the best analytics institute in Bangalore with placement support? ; Which are the best analytics institutes in bangalore?How do I distinguish between stock and flow variables? ; What is the the difference between value and growth stocks?Where, why and how did feudalism start? ; How and where did feudalism develop?Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet? ; Why do so many people prefer to ask questions on here and wait for an answer rather than type one or two words in a search engine?How do I stop my addiction to porn and masturbation? ; How do I stop addiction to porn?What does a power bank look like when it's being charged? ; What does a Mac do when it gets completely charged?How do you balance the deamnds of being a parent with running a business? ; How do you balance the demands of being a parent with running a business?Is this tvs bike dealership business profitable? ; Is royal enfield dealership profitable business?What is the QuickBooks payroll tech support number in Washington? ; Which is the best QuickBooks proadvisor tech support number?Have you ever left your home without wearing any underwear? ; What is it like to wear shorts without underwear?What is the difference between plant cell vacuoles and animal cell vacuoles? ; Why do plant cells have large vacuoles?Is there proof of extra terrestrial life? ; Do we have proof for extra terrestial life?How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Regina? ; How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Oshawa?What are my options after mechanical engineering? ; What is the best option after btech in mechanical engineering?What is going on between Hrithik roshan & Kangana Ranawat? ; What is going on between Kangana Ranaut and Hrithik Roshan these few days?What are the benefits of Joint Family? ; What are the benefits of a joint family?Is milk vegetarian or non vegetarian? ; Are eggs and milk considered vegetarian or non-vegetarian food?Is it practically guaranteed I'll be deployed to Afghanistan if I join the Army or National Guard, even in a non-combat related MOS? ; What are some great ideas for care packages for a close relative being deployed overseas with the National Guard?Which is the best Mutual Fund in India? ; What are mutual funds and which is the best one in India in which to invest?Which books are to be used for preparation for the  Physics Olympiad? ; How can I prepare for the Indian National Physics Olympiad?When should a guy ask a girl on a date? ; What should a guy ask on a first date with a girl?What are some ways you can get into Johns Hopkins University? ; How do I get the offer from university such as Johns Hopkins?How school teachers ought to help by? ; I'm bad at math because of the way my high school teachers teach me. Is there any way I can get better at math without the help of teachers?What are Bank of America's routing numbers used for? ; What is Bank of America's routing number?Which is better for use in slabs : PPC/PSC or OPC ? ; Can filler slab be used for high rises?What foods can help boost creativity? ; What is wrong with these photographs?What is the contract theory of government? ; What is contract theory?Which US colleges do not accept IELTS? ; Which US universities accept only IELTS?What's the best way to copy music from my iPhone back to iTunes? ; How do I backup my pictures and music from my iPhone to iTunes?What is UPI - Unified Payment Interface? ; Can someone enlighten me on national payment corporation of India's initiative on Unified Payment Interface?What phone do you use right now? ; Which phone do you use and why?Where can I find best quality DJ for festival in Sydney? ; Where can I get best festival DJ services in Sydney?How do I play 4K videos on a Samsung smart TV? ; How can I convert and play .UM4 (Samsung 4K TV content) on my Sony 4K TV?Which is the best SEO ‪Company‬ in ‪Delhi‬? ; Which are the best seo companies in Delhi/Ncr, India?Is Eclipse better as an IDE compared to CodeBlocks in Linux for C? ; Which one is better, Dev C++ or Eclipse? Why?Do people actually think for themselves, or is it just a fancy notion that people believe some people do? ; Is it just me or do people seem to be getting so drawn into themselves that they forget there is a life better then that around them to be truly lived?How can I enjoy my life the most? ; How do I enjoy the life?What are the interview questions asked for the post of lecturer in Medicine? ; What are some interesting questions asked in an interview?What is your best sexual experience? ; What was your most favorite sexual experience?What are some of the biggest blunders in history? ; What are the biggest blunders in the history of physics?Why do you write fiction? ; How exactly DO you write a story?Who invented thermometer? ; Who invented mercury in a thermometer?Is it possible to run away from my life without 'loved ones' tracing me? ; Are you running away from something?Why do people think that they are better than everyone and everything else? ; Why is it that people think that they are better than everyone else?What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017? ; What are some new year resolutions for 2017?What is the difference between demonetization in India and Venezuela? ; What is the time difference between India and Ghana?Is it a good idea for a CEO to take personal criminal liability for a non-profit? Such as "I, X , hereby certify, under penalty of perjury, that… ; A person I know has an idea for a mobile application but no skillset or money to build the application. I don't want to steal his idea so is there a widely accepted standard for example where I would take 90% of the profits for doing all the work and he would get 10% for just the idea?What is the best computer science course I can take that will not focus too much on the language they use? ; Can I join VIT or I should take a drop if not selected in JEE Mains?How can I send money from my credit card to my bank account in India with the minimum in fees? ; How do I send money from Canada to an Indian bank account?Is India Developing the right way? ; Is India developing in the right direction?What are some sample replies to an interview invitation? ; Branded apparels on wholesale price?Is the government hiding or harboring aliens? ; Why won't the government announce aliens? Would there be some kind of distress on earth?What can an introvert do to become an extrovert & vice-versa? ; How do I stop being an introvert and become an extrovert?What words rhyme with "saying"? ; What are words that rhyme with "not"?What can we do to fix America's inner cities? ; How could America improve inner cities?How attractive would you rate your physical traits, on a scale of 1 to 10? ; How much will you rate your physical appearance in the scale of 1 to 10?What is the extent of the U.S. Navy's presence inside the Great Lakes? ; Does the US Navy have a permanent presence on the Great Lakes?What do you mean by entrepreneur marketing? ; What do you mean by entrepreneur?What kind of bird is this please? ; What kind of bird has teeth?What are some common but not easy to get interview questions related to C programming language? ; What are the most common/important C programming language interview questions asked?How can I customize my walking speed on Google Maps? ; Can custom pins in a Google Map be animated?Should people be fired because of tasteless or racist tattoos? ; What should be done with a police officer with a Nazi tattoo?Why are Indians so obsessed about what people from other countries think about India? ; Why are Indians so obsessed in knowing thoughts of other countries about them?I told a girl that's in a relationship that I liked her and she says she never know what's going to happen to her relationship. What does that mean? ; I told a girl who has a boyfriend that I liked her, and she says she doesn’t know what's going to happen to her relationship. What does that mean?What happens when you die in a dream? ; What happens if you die in a dream?For those of you who are fully keto adapted: How long does the euphoric feeling lasted initially? Does it ever subside? ; What are the options in Keto vegetarian diet?What products should I use to get rid of acne quickly? ; How can I get rid of acne and its effect?What is the history behind the wife taking the husband's last name (surname) after marriage? ; Besides China and Korea, in what other countries does the wife not change her surname to her husband's after marriage?Is there any formula for finding nth prime number? ; What are good ways to find nth prime number in the fastest way?What is the formula for moment of inertia of a semi hollow sphere? ; What is the moment of inertia of a hexagonal plate?can I use magnets to push an object in motion away from another object in motion using repulsion? ; Can I process (digital image\video processing) a live video stream from a camera to detect motion & calculate object distances from camera in real time?How many college football teams are there in the USA? ; What are the top college football teams?How can I link my Origin account with EA Sports? Any contact number to speak? ; Being a 2nd year CS student with average problem solving skill, tell me how can I prepare to get a job in the gaming industry, like in Ubisoft, EA Sports, Bethesda Game Studios, and so on?Is Electricity an invention or a discovery? ; Is electricity considered an invention or a discovery and why?What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Timbuctú, Tombouctou, Mali? ; What can I do with a 6 Mbps for download and 1 Mbps speed for upload internet?What actually software engineer do in a software company? Is it necessary to master in coding language for the growth in company? ; As a Mechanical Engineer what is it like to work in an IT or software developing companies like TCS, Tech Mahindra? What are the chances of growth?What would happen if Tamil Nadu split from India to form an independent country? ; What happened to British investment in India when the country achieved independence?Is my maternal cousin's maternal cousin, my cousin? ; What does "maternal cousin" mean?Akbar religious policy? ; What do you think of people with no social media?What should I double major with foreign language? ; What are some good double majors to do with sign language and why are they useful?Are Hillary Clinton supporters worried that she's a war hawk? ; Is Hillary Clinton Pro-War?How old is too old for med school? Or law school? ; Is 25 too old for med school?What is the best rice to use for fried rice? ; I want to prepare fried rice, which rice should I use?Vietnamese Food: What is proper technique for eating pho? ; Do you love Vietnamese food?Why do computers have a hard time emulating console games? ; Where can I found experienced horse fence consultant in Sydney?How can I crack JEE? ; How can I crack JEE exam?Why can't we have one child policy in India? ; How many agree that families should be allowed to have only one child in India?How should a teacher maintain discipline in the classroom? ; How can a teacher maintain discipline?What is the cutoff percentile for NITIE and MDI Gurgaon this year? ; What is the selection criteria for a PGP programme of the MDI Gurgaon?What are some less known facts about Gustav Schwarzenegger? ; How was Gustav Schwarzenegger's relationship with Adolf Hitler?If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, can infinite energy be created? Is it potential energy or potentiality infinite? ; If dark energy is being created with expansion can infinite of it be created?What are the differences between human beings and animals? ; What is the difference between humans and the other animals?What are the things that you think define you? ; What are the things you think you should do, but you don't?What's the syllabus for Delhi University's MA Philosophy entrance? ; How do I prepare myself to crack the JNU entrance for MA philosophy?How do I turn someone down nicely? ; How do you turn someone down?What and where can I sell the source code for an app? ; Where can I sell source code?Is iPhone 5s compatible for Jio VoLTE app? ; Is I phone 5s 4G volte supported?Why is Salman Khan so overrated? ; Why is Salman Khan so overrated in India?I have done a diploma in mechanical engineering. How can I get a job in Tata motors or other companies like this? ; I have completed a 1-year diploma in fashion designing and now I'm doing a 3-year diploma. Can I apply to any BPO for a job, saying that I did a diploma? Will any BPO or any other company see the backlogs?after completing final year incase i get a backlog will i get a jobWhich is a good solar panel installation provider in Templeton, California CA? ; Which is a good solar panel installation provider in Terra Bella, California CA?Do employees at Sapiens International have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at Tower International have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Silicon Laboratories? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Abbott Laboratories?What is it like to be a digital nomad in Amsterdam? ; What are digital nomads?Why is COBOL easy to learn? ; How do I quickly and efficiently learn a new language?Who would win a fight between Iron Man and Darth Vader? ; Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Batman? Why?What are some mind-blowing iPhone/Android gadgets that most people don't know about? ; What are the most useful devices or gadgets you own for your smartphone that maybe other people don't know about?What are the major differences between Chinese and Western culture? ; What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?How do I know if I am Republican or a Democrat? ; How do I know if I am a Democrat or Republican?How long does dookie braid last? ; How do you get braided wavy hair?Do you believe in witchcraft? ; Do you believe in the powers of witchcraft?How do I nurture a love relationship? ; How do I nurture a loving relationship with myself?Compare the effectiveness of autoclaving and boiling? ; What are some short term benefits of a balanced lifestyle?I suspect my spouse is cheating, how do I know for sure? ; How can I know if my spouse is cheating?How can I stop my kid from sucking his thumb? ; The meaning of "the world is not a wish granting factory"?How can I remove screen overlay on my j7 2016? ; How do I turn off the screen overlay in Samsung j7?When you write a rhetorical question, do you follow it with a question mark or a period? ; Punctuation: Is it correct to add a question mark after a rhetorical question?What is the best way to learn web programming (I'd prefer Ruby)? What do I start with? What are the next steps? ; How can i learn web programming in one month?What is the simplest explanation for the difference between nominative, accusative, dative and genitive articles? ; In German what is the difference between dative and nominative?What do you do when you are falling in love with your best friend? ; Can you fall in love with your best friend?Can skipping increase your height? ; How do I increase the height?Which chemical reaction causes de-colourisation of monuments? ; What is the direct cause of a chemical reaction of the type E + F > EF?How is the party life at BITS Pilani, Hyderabad Campus? ; How is life at BITS Pilani Hyderabad Campus?Where can I watch gonulcelen with english subtitles? ; Where can I watch sukimasuki with English subtitles?What is our purpose in being here? ; What is the purpose of existance?Where can I found famous designers for exclusive wardrobes in Sydney? ; Where can I found personal design wardrobes in Sydney?Is IPS LCD display better than OLED display? ; How do I calculate the wear rate of an OLED/AMOLED display?Why does Quora limit my question details to 300 characters? ; Why is there a sign limit on Quora for questions?Where does the penis go when having sex? ; What will a woman think of me if while having sex I ask her help to put my penis in her?Are public sector jobs and government jobs the same? If not the same, then what is the difference between them? ; What is the difference between Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) jobs and government jobs in India?How can I get out of my comfort zone and be myself at the same time? ; How do I break out of my comfort zone?What is the Syllabus of UPSC exams? ; What is the syllabus for UPSC Exam?Which equation in general relativity predicted the existence of black-holes ? ; Is Run Ze Cao's falsification of Einstein's relativity valid?What is the difference between a database analyst and a database administrator? ; How do data analysts and data scientists interact with database administrators?How do you control your anger? ; How do I control my emotions and anger?Why is Cricket not popular in US even though it was a British colony? ; Why is cricket not popular in the US despite being a part of former British colonies?Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 4: What did the High Sparrow tell Tommen in secret that he repeated to Cersei? ; In season 6 episode 7 of GOT can someone tell me why people think what Tommen did was bad?Who owns Punreal.com? ; Who own DatingBuddies.com?Are you tolerant if you tolerate the intolerant? ; Are you tolerant?Does Lipton green tea Assist in weight loss? ; How Green tea is useful for reducing fat?Importance of information technology? ; What is the extent of paid media in India?I have cleared the FCAT written exam. I lost my original admit card. Can I still take the SSB? ; Why admit card link of June 2016 exam does not work?Can anyone increase their height at the age of 21 or 21+? ; How girls can increase their height after 18 years?Objectively speaking, what have been some of President Obama's biggest accomplishments and failures during his tenure so far? ; Could another civil war ever happen in the US?How do you delete books from Kindle Cloud Reader? ; How do I delete books from my Kindle?Should I watch Game of Thrones before I read the books? ; What books should I read before watching Game of Thrones?Is someone born in 1977 generation X or Y? ; I was born in 1997. Am I a millennial or generation z?What is the best waterproof and shockproof 15.6" laptop bag for every day use under $50? ; If 138 trash bags cost $16.50 then what's the cost of 1 bag?What are your thoughts on "designer babies"? ; At what point in time do teachers have to tell your parents what you're telling them about your home life?What are the derivations in class 12 physics in the CBSE Board? ; Is 78% a good score in CBSE class 12 boards?How do I use Google's image search? ; Can I use Google image search restricted to one website?What is Ashton Kutcher like in person? ; What is Ashton Kutcher's IQ?How do I travel for cheap? ; What are some tips for travelling cheap?Why do people think computers can't think? ; Why do some people think like a computer?What is the best weekend escapade from Pune? ; Which is the best place to hangout with friends in pune?How can I reverse the effects of masturbation? ; What are the side effects (positive and negative), if any, of masturbation?What really happened at MG Road, Bangalore on New Year’s Eve 2017? ; What exactly happened on 2017 New Year's Eve in Bengaluru? What could be causes of this?Why we drink alcohol? ; Why is drinking alcohol not enjoyable for me?How much money can a foreigner change to rupee? ; Why are non-malayalis on Quora so insistent on downplaying and degrading malayalis?What is the best reply to "how are you"? ; What are some of the best replies when somebody asks you "How was your weekend?"?What do you like about China? ; What do you love about China?What are some best power banks? ; What is the best brand in power banks for smartphones?What specific view of organisms associated with Watson did Edward Tolman reject? ; Is the brain a meat computer?What is your review of The Next Warrior: Proving Grounds - Part 5? ; What is your review of The Next Warrior: Proving Grounds - Part 1?What does design want? ; What do designers want?What's the best plan to lose weight? ; What are the best things to do when working on losing weight?How is Marco Pierre White seen in the industry? ; SMO comes under which industry?What is the best n safe destination for a 2-3 days vacation with my gf during September? ; What is the best vacation holiday place for 10 days?How did the term "private dick" for a private investigator originate? ; How can I get a private investigator license in NY?My girlfriend said that we should end this because she is confused about her feelings for me. I wished her well and disconnected. Should I call her and ask her if she wants to get back together? ; After 2 years being in a relationship my girlfriend says she doesnt want to get physical with me. She says she doesn't like it now. I always think something is wrong and we end up fighting, but she says she loves me. I am confused. What should I do and believe?How can I be more Jewish religiously and culturally? ; Why is it important to be able to create and identify cogent forms of argumentation?After Brexit, many voters expressed remorse to find that some of the promises wouldn't be kept. How might this compare to Trump's campaign promises? ; What is the procedure to join cme Pune?What effect will rising interest rates have on the commercial real estate market? ; Will climate change and rising water levels open up new real estate markets? Where will they be located?What's it like to be married to a pornstar? ; What is it like to be married to a pornstar?How does a person get over the fear of commitment? ; What is the fear of commitment and how to you get over it?Why do some Americans refer to Obama's presidency as, "scary"? ; Obama Presidency: Second Term (2013–present): How is John McCain the politician viewed by the American public?Which laptop is best under 50K now a days? ; What are the best laptops under Rs. 50000?Is it bad to hit the rev limiter when downshifting under hard braking? ; What are the disadvantages if you downshift without rev matching (blipping the throttle)?What are some things that look promising on Batam as a direct competitor of Singapore? ; Why Ayurveda looks boring?What is [math]\sqrt {2+\sqrt {2+\sqrt {2+\sqrt {2+...\infty}}}}[/math] ? ; If [math]y=f(x)=\sqrt{x+\sqrt{x^2+\sqrt{x+\sqrt{x^2+\sqrt{...\infty}}}}}[/math] and [math]\int f'(x)dy=g(y)+c[/math]. Then what is [math]g[/math]?Which is the best reference books for ICSE class 8 science? ; Which is the best reference books for ICSE class 7 science?How much does it's cost to build an iPhone? ; How much would it cost to build your own iPhone?What type of problem does a KNN algorithm solve in the real world? ; What are some of the real world problems in our society which can be solved technically?What are 5 examples of inertia of rest, inertia of motion, and inertia of direction? ; How are inertia and motion related?Do employees at Apple Hospitality REIT have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at Apple have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?How do I celebrate Diwali without fireworks? ; How do you celebrate Diwali?Where is the best place to buy a travel adapter right after I land in Sydney Airport? ; What will be the best place in Sydney to buy right wedding dresses for any bride?What was that best thing happened in your childhood? ; What is the current situation with Bluedog Democrats? Have they disappeared?As I have not completed 10th, besides NIOS, how can I earn my high school diploma in India? ; If you took all the money in the world and tried to buy all the land, raw material, product and property on the Earth would there be enough to do it?Why might some people look more attractive if hair does not cover their forehead? ; Who is the best actress in India in terms of beauty?How do I clear IBPS PO in one month? ; How do I prepare IBPS PO exam in one month?For preparation of topics s, p, d, and f-block in JEE Mains, which books should I study from? ; How should I prepare for JEE Advance 2015 after JEE Main? What subjects should I focus on? Should I buy study materials from some institute?What's it like to be stuck in a never-ending existential crises? ; I am doing CA course and wanted to do a bachelors dergree in correspondence so should I go ahead with Bcom or BA Eco as I have completed my IPCC exam?What's your contribution to the world so far? ; How can I contribute to the world?How do people randomly find me on instagram? ; How do people find me on instagram?What is the book recommendations industry like? ; What are the books that you would like to recommend?Does a degree from a lower ranked school decrease job prospects? Do employers not care where one graduated from as long as the school was accredited? ; Top three Jersey number of Paul scholes?How can I buy happiness in sex? ; How can I buy happiness with a date?What are the specifications of the Acer Aspire E14? ; How do you fix an Acer Aspire 5742 battery problems?What is the main purpose of jailbreaking? ; What is the main purpose of jailbreaking an iPhone? How is it done?Why do girls look away quickly when we make eye contact? ; What does it mean if someone rarely makes eye contact when speaking to people?Will Muslim population overcome Hindu population in India in future? ; Can India become a Muslim majority state in near future?Did ancient people perceive less colours than us? ; Is it true that the Ancient Greeks could not see blue?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Minnesota? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island?What should I do if the scrolling wheel on my middle mouse button starts to slip? ; My Dell mouse scroll wheel is not working, how can this be fixed?What is the poorest country in the world.? ; Who is the richest country in the world?What is better, Microsoft or Apple? ; Which is better: Microsoft or Apple?How do I calculate the maximum buffer capacity? ; What is a maximum buffer capacity?What can I do to practice my English? ; How can I learn to speak a fluent English?How can I promote Udemy course? ; What are the best ways to promote Udemy courses?What is the best way to get online help for editing in a research paper? ; How do I get help for research paper?What hobbies should I mention in a banking interview? ; What are various hobbies that can be mentioned in an SSB interview?What is the effect of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees note? ; What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?Is coaching necessary for cracking the GATE? ; Is it necessary to go for coaching for GATE preparation?Is brainmeasures test worth taking? ; Which exam should I go for, GMAT or GRE?What are the differences between CSE and IT/ISE? ; What is the difference between CSE and IT engg?If a war breaks out between India and Pakistan who would win? ; Who will win if a war starts between India and Pakistan?Does freedom of speech extend to shouting? ; Freedom of Speech: What would be the consequences if a group of people publicly shouts slogans like "Death to America" or "Hail Osama bin Laden" on American soil?What is the reason behind having one small testicle and b=one bigger comparatively? ; What is the reason behind having one small testicle and other is bigger comparatively?What was the most useful invention of 2014? ; What is the most useful invention?How do I round this number to the nearest ten thousand: 624,739? ; How do I round 1.44 to the nearest percent?What are the main components of an animal's cell membrane? What function does it serve? ; What are the main components of a human's cell membrane? What function does it serve?What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you in the workplace? ; What's the most embarrassing thing you ever said or almost said when meeting a famous figure?How do I lose 13 kg in 1 month? ; How can I lose 15 kg in 1 month?If all perceptions aren't equal, by what means is the value of each perception determined? ; Why are school supply lists so long?How difficult is it to hack Pokémon GO? ; What is the best Pokemon GO hack?Which one is better: Quora, Stack Exchange or Reddit? ; How do I stop thinking about Quora, SMS, Stack Exchange, etc. when I am in bed?Can I start skill assessment from ACS before completing 5 years? ; How much skilled experience will they count towards my skilled assessment for Australia?What are the daily life examples of shear stress? ; What is shear stress? Also give any real life example of itHow can I downgrade Youtube on my Android Phone? ; How to downgrade from Android 6.0 to 5.1 in sony?What's the difference between T-Mobile and MetroPCS? Both are owned by the same company and use the same towers. Why should I pay more for T-Mobile service? ; How are both Cell Phone AND Broadband Services provided by Verizon & T-mobile in the U.S.?Are Pakistani laving in Pakistan allowd to in port cars? ; What is it like to compete with a professional athlete?Should I drop a year after engineering for GATE preparation or join Infosys as a fresher? ; Should I drop 1 year after a BE for CAT preparation?Why does $500 trillion rich Rothschilds are not on Forbes richest people list? ; Who are the richest people in the world who don't appear on rich lists?How should I develop an Android game? ; How can I make an Android game?Do people that have been guillotined stay conscious for a second or is the shock to much? ; Did the guillotine cause instant death as the head fell in the basket?Does the protective coating that the car dealerships try to force you to buy (at the last minute) really make a difference? ; Is it illegal to buy and sell cars without a dealership?What can India do in Syria? ; What can India do to support the people suffering from civilian war in Syria?How do I insert data in to MySQL database using javascript, ajax and jsp? ; How do I retrieve and display data from API using AJAX with a JavaScript code?Does Kickstarter product have to pass government regulations in order to sell? ; Should I meditate before or after surfing?How does addiction work? ; How well do EEG tests work with meth addicts?How do the aerobic and anaerobic respiration equations compare and contrast? ; How can the equation for aerobic and anaerobic respiration be determined?Does penis size really matter? (and) What is the size of your penis? ; Does penis size matter for girl or stamina?How much black money is recovered till now? ; How much black money will the government get back after demonetization?What are good ways to earn online? ; How do I make money online without spending money?How can I hack the mobile phones password of my friends? ; How can I hack mobile phone?How can I speak English more fluently? ; How do I speak English like celebrities?What is your favorite ice cream brand and flavor? ; Which is your favorite ice cream brand? Which flavor and why?How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin? ; How can I get rid from my acnes?What is the easiest way to enrich vocabulary? ; What is the easiest way to improve my vocabulary?Why does China occupy Manchuria? ; When did China occupy Manchuria?If the universe is expanding, then what does it expand into? ; If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into? And how will this effect us?What would happen if the internet shut down and how could it happen? ; What would happen if the internet shut down today?Is it possible for someone to become a full-time web designer through online courses (and without a college degree)? If yes, how to go about it? ; Where can you learn web design online?What porn website represents real women from your country? ; Are pawn shop porn videos real?Can I get a demand draft using a credit card? ; I need to purchase something that requires the use of credit card, but I don't use nor do I want to get a credit card. Is there an alternative?I do masturbation twice in a day. Does masturbation affects men's sperm count or does it cause infertility? ; Does masturbation cause infertility?I think I hit the bottom of my car on a rough curb. Should I be worried? ; What will happen when a vehicle hit a curb?What are the documents required for GST registration in India? ; What documents required to open a Pvt Ltd company in India? For NRI only.What is the best way to learn astronomy? ; How can I learn astronomy?How can we know if a dual sim mobile is also a dual 4G or dual LTE just from its specifications? ; How should I update to Android KitKat 4.4.4 from Jelly Bean in a Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos Dual Sim?Can a router have more than one IP address? Will each of its interfaces have a different IP address? ; How many classes are there in IP addressing?How do I delete a picture on Instagram? ; Why won't my Instagram photos delete?What are some good company names for my new company? ; What is best IT company name for new company?How does Hillary Clinton view Donald Trump? ; How will Hillary Clinton beat Donald Trump?What is the significance of Box 5 in Phantom of the Opera? ; How old is Christine Daae in Phantom of the Opera?What is the another name of rom? ; How people of Bihar are any different than more educated people of Bengaluru when former chose Lalu Yadav as CM and later chose Siddaramaiah?I wanna start preparing for ias exam, how should I proceed? ; How should I start preparing for UPSC(IAS) exams?Where can I get an exceptionally affordable price in Sydney for property transaction? ; Where can I get quality assistance in Sydney for any property transaction?Do you believe that people can change? ; Do you/would you like to believe that people can change?Will Trump also outwit Obama by letting the clock run out on a pardon for Hillary? ; If Hillary Clinton is indicted in June or July when the FBI investigation is scheduled to finish, will President Obama issue a pardon?What are the advantages and disadvantages of studying abroad? And which one is better? ; What are advantages and disadvantages of studying abroad?How does a baby survive in the amniotic fluid inside the uterus? ; Why does my skin get dry only on my forehead and around my nose during winter?What is the first law of thermodynamics and what are some examples? ; What are the applications of the first law of thermodynamics?What do Trump supporters think of his Cabinet picks? ; What do Trump supporters think about his recent cabinet appointments?Are Pakistani people considered white or brown people? ; Why don't Pakistani people look into other people's eyes?When will China become a democratic country? ; Is China a democratic country?Would a Donald Trump presidency really be so bad? ; Will Donald Trump be a good President?What can you do to develop more aggression in a 12 yr old boy? ; What skills would you suggest to teach a 12-year-old boy who is more interested in cartoons (e.g. Regular Show, Horrid Henry, Shake It Up, Ben 10, etc) and online fighting games?Can I open a regular savings or checking account in an Indian bank if I am a Canadian citizen with an OCI card in India? ; Which is the best and worst bank in India to open a saving account and why?What are your thoughts on Mr. Kejriwal claims that Mr. Modi can get him killed? ; How can we save Arvind Kejriwal from Modi (as he might get him killed)?How does the name Aaron sound for a boy? ; Designation hierarchy in adobe?How many names had Arjun? ; How many names did Arjuna have?What are some of the best teeth whitening toothpastes? Why? ; What is the best toothpaste?What are the unknown facts about Tamil people which rest of the non-Tamil people should know? ; How good an actor is Vijay? Why do people call him Ilayathalapathy? I don't speak Tamil but I am interested in knowing more about him.How tall should 12 year old boy be? ; How tall should a 14 year old girl be?Is there a cure for cancer? ; Why is the cure for cancer so elusive?Audacity can import raw data into audio. Is the same possible for video or image? ; If 2 is an eigen value of scalar matrix A 3x3 , then eigen value of adj A is?Is the JEE Advanced 2015 the toughest IIT JEE paper ever? ; I got 203 in the JEE-Advanced 2015. Can I get any seat in the IIT?Why couldn't Robert Baratheon love Cersei? ; Was Robert Baratheon depressed?What Is the meaning of 210 MW unit of a power plant? In other words what does it means of 210 or 250 or 600 MW power plant? ; Why do we write capacity of power plant always in 330 or 660 MW?What causes white spots in your field of vision? ; What causes black and white flashing dots in the vision? How do you treat it?Is there any way to cap data for a limited time period, like my data turns off automatically after 5 a.m? ; My name is R R Srikanth till my graduation same is used in all certificates, In my PG certificates name is Srikanth R R.will be there any legal issue?Which is the best one liner you've ever heard? ; Which is the best one liner you ever heard?Quora: How do you post a question on Quora? ; How do I post something in Quora?Can you download British standards for free like the Building regulations? ; Where can I download JASO/JIS standards for free?Which is the smart city in India? Why? ; Which are the cities of India to have the smart cities?Why does caste matter in marriage? ; Does money and caste matter for marriage?What are the best hashtags I can use for my clothing brand on instagram? ; What are the best hashtags to use as a photographer on instagram?Why do people believe in God? ; Why do people believe in god when the level of proof is so low?What is a quantum watch? ; What is a Quantum?Which university ranks first in the world? ; Which university is the best in the world?What are some cultural faux pas in space? ; What are some cultural faux pas in China?How does the finance credit score work? ; How does the credit score range work?Which is correct - "Looking forward to work with","Looking forward to working with" or "Look forward to working with"? ; Is the correct grammar "I look forward to meet you" or "I look forward to meeting you"?How do they make smokes? ; How do you make an "O" smoke ring?What should be the first question to ask on Quora? ; What can be my first question for Quora?What are wart bandaids and how do they work? ; How do warts/hpv work?Which is the best institute to learn digital marketing (job oriented) in India? ; I am MBA (Marketing) Student. I want to pursue Digital marketing Course. So where Can I find best course of Digital Marketing? Is there any Institute in Mumbai who are providing the Digital marketing Course?Are horoscopes legitimate? Do they ever come true? ; Do horoscope predictions and palm reading come out to be true?What can cause a period to come early? ; What are some causes that make your period come early?Why does Quora succeed in spite of having some other Q and A websites like Yahoo Answers and Wiki Answers? ; How has Quora succeeded where websites such as Yahoo and Reddit have failed?How much does Apple pay Google for showing YouTube on iOS? ; Does youtube pay Indian channels to host TV shows?What are some substitutes for butter? ; What can be substituted for butter?Do touching lena danny d & lena Paul with the cabin crew to gain favour? ; What is the best farewell sample letter from a cabin crew to fellow cabin crew?Should I learn Node.js or Ruby on Rails? ; Should I learn Ruby on Rails or Node.js?How good is Elon Musk in engineering and technologies? ; Is Elon Musk a good engineer?What does tw4t mean? ; What does 분위기 mean?What happens to a question on Quora if it is marked as needing further improvement? ; Why is it that every time I ask a question in Quora it tells me that your question needs improvement?How can I score good marks in political science honours under calcutta university? ; How can I score good marks in geography honours in Calcutta university?What age should be appropriate to lose virginity? ; What's the right age to lose virginity?What are the 10 best episodes of Friends? ; What was the best episode of Friends?What is Balaji Viswanathan's opinion on the Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes? ; What do you think of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to introduce new INR 500 and INR 2000 currency notes?What do boys think about girls who approach first? ; What are some of the experiences of a girl who approaches a boy for the first time?Which is the best phone to buy under Rs.1500? ; Which phone is best below 1500?What is the least biased political source in the USA? ; How hard is it to identify biases in a news source?What is the best way to reduce abdominal fat? ; What is the way to reduce the fat on belly?Why are so many people on Quora obsessed with IQ while this is a limited reflection of intelligence? ; Why are so many people on Quora obsessed with intelligence?How do I hack a Gmail account of an unknown person? ; How do I hack gmail account?What is the equivalent Indian shoe size for the UK size 8? ; How do I know my shoe size?What was your study plan for bitsat? ; What is the study plan for upsc?How can I get an internship with the WWE creative team? ; When did the WWE get electronic ring aprons?How do I bounce back in life after some embarrassment in my office? ; Which is the most awkward moment of your college life?What are the most popular songs in Spanish? ; What's the most popular song?What are some facts about India that Indians are generally unaware of? ; What are some good Indian author books that majority of the Indians are generally unaware of?Could the U.S slowly take over the world? ; Could the U.S. take over the world?How can someone predict the future with mathematics? ; How can someone predict the future?Is it bad for your health to not have sex? ; Is sex good for health?What is vitamin N? ; What is vitamin G?How do I prepare for neet 2017 in 5 months? ; How do I prepare for neet 2017 in just 3 months?What is a poll tax? ; What was the poll tax? Why was it unpopular?Do many people fake smiles when they get their pictures taken? ; Do many people fake smiles, when they get their picture taken?What do you know about pursuing post graduate degrees in turkey? ; Is there a podcast that gives you a daily wrapup of the US stock market and the world economy?What is the function of CatCon in an exhaust system? ; What are the function of system programs?Why is there so much suffering in the world? ; Why is there suffering in the world?How do I improve my drawing skills and techniques? ; How can I improve my drawing skills?Are you happy with who you are? ; Are you happy now? If no, why not?I woulf like to know wat right does the IRS have to hold my refund.have not received one letter from them giving me a good reason.? ; My employer has not paid taxes to the IRS for my most of wages, and did not give me a final paycheck when I was laid off. In 5 months of working, I have received only two official paychecks, and some cash advances. Can I sue for unpaid wages?How do i lose weight? ; How can I lose weight slowly and naturally?How much will the price of gold fall? ; Why is the price of gold falling?Is World War III coming? ; Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?Can Melania Trump vote? ; What is Melania Trump like in person?How do I make my girlfriend pay for my things? ; How do I make my boyfriend pay for my things?How can I increase traffic to my website using social media? ; How can I Increase the traffic of my blog?How can I get a list of my Gmail accounts? ; How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?Is there a tendency to gravitate toward conspiracy theories on RT News? ; Is there a currently evolving tendency towards nasty, trashy behavior in sports?Which is the best QuickBooks Tech Support Number in New York, USA? ; What is the QuickBooks Hosting Support Number?I had 5 lakhs in my savings account can I deposit 2.5 now in my account? ; How can I deposit 3 lac rupeess in my savings account?How do I increase metabolism? ; How can I boost my metabolism?Why does my jaw tingle after drinking beer? ; Can I drink a beer after a tooth extraction?How do I extend Google Drive storage capacity for free of cost above the first free 15 GB? ; How can I get free Google Drive storage above the first free 15 GB?What are some chemical properties of sodium carboxylate? ; What are the chemical properties of sodium?Can a girl get pregnant after her last day of periods? ; How possible is it to get pregnant one day after my 3 day period?Which is the best antivirus app for android mobiles? ; What is the best Antivirus software to be installed for my Android phone?Is time travel possible and if yes can we travel only in past or future or both? ; Will time travel be possible in future?what do people think of Chinese people? ; What do you think of Chinese pople?What are the best coupon sites in india? ; What is the best coupon site?My SBI ATM card has expired this June what should I do? ; Do SBI ATM cards work in Bhutan?Where can we download TV series for free without torrents? ; Where can I download anime series without torrents?What is the best superpower to have? ; What superpower would suit you best?Is it possible to gain height after 20? ; How can I increase in height after 20 years?Will the novel ever die? ; Organizational development certification?Why do I pay a custom fee on Trevo but not Monavie (same products, shipped from the USA in Canada)? ; What is the best way to ship products from the USA (NY) to all over Canada, excluding USPS.What was Steve Jobs' IQ? ; What did Steve Jobs mean when he compared Microsoft to McDonalds?Which is the best motivational movie ever? ; Which movies have the best motivational scenes?How can I make good money drawing cartoons? ; My skill is drawing. How Can I make money out of it?What's the best non touchscreen phone under 10K in India? ; What is currently the best phone under 10k in India?Who are good attorneys in New York that work with a lot of startups? ; Which attorneys located in New York City are recommended for general tech startup legal work?How do I write gift messages? ; What are some nice messages to write on a baby shower card?What can I do to overcome anxiety? ; What do I do to reduce my anxiety?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Henderson County IL? ; Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Douglas County IL?What type of government does Guatemala have? How does it compare to the one in Mexico? ; What type of government does Guatemala have? How does it compare to those in other countries?What is the best joke about engineers that very few people have heard? ; What's your favorite stupid joke?What is it like to own and drive a Nissan GT-R? ; Will I ever be able to own a Nissan GTR?Why shouldn't incest be legal? ; Why is incest legal in some countries?What makes a question interesting? ; What makes a question interesting to answer?Which one is best laptop under 40k? ; Which is best laptop under 40k?How do I control my emotion and sadness? ; What is an effective way to control emotion and how do you release your negative emotion?I never cursed and it's a good thing I know. But my friends always say bad words and I feel so behind. Should I learn how to curse like they do? ; Why I feel bad after doing good things?Why is it more common to see interracial couples only being black guys with women of other races, than it is to see white guys with other races? ; Do women like guys from another race?If New Yorkers are so tough, why do guys rarely if ever go up to girls and introduce themselves while sober? ; Are Pakistani guys prohibited from marrying foreign girls? If so, why?What if humans were nocturnal? ; Can humans be nocturnal?Can I drink green tea before sleeping? ; Can I drink green tea after a workout?What is the best way to read The Hindu for UPSC? ; For the UPSC, is reading the newspaper necessary or can monthly magazines suffice?What are some unexpected things first-time visitors to Laos notice? ; What are some unexpected things first-time visitors to China notice?What is it like to work at sales and analytics at Bloomberg? ; Can an MCA work in sales?What is the average number of steps that FitBit users take per day? ; What is the average price per month at Snap Fitness?Which is Best College in Gwalior? ITM vs AMITY ; What is your review for CSE branch, ITM Gwalior (1997)?How will Pakistan become colony of China through CPEC? ; Will Pakistan become undeclared colony of China?If you could only read answers and interact with 10 people on Quora, who would they be? Why? ; How do I an 18 year old women develop confidence to travel alone?What is the implication of the current widespread resentment among Chinese populace of western liberals? ; What are the reasons and solution for procastination?Should I go to school if I completely lost my voice? ; Can I pursue masters in literature after engineering?How can I pass the GRE exam in physics? ; How can pass the GRE exam in physics?What are some interesting facts about highways in India? ; Indian Ethnicity and People: What are the interesting facts about sonia gandhi in India?What is an anti-lock braking system? ; What is an anti-lock brake system in a car?What is the most important question you have ever asked yourself? ; What is the best question that you have asked yourself?Can someone translate this picture from Arabic to English? ; I have a picture of Arabic text. Can anyone translate this to English?Is it good to work in PMC as fresher civil engineer? ; Is it good to work in PMC as a civil engineer?What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Karachi? ; What are Different technique of system analysis in software engineering.?What were the causes and effects of WW1? ; What's the cause of ww1?What is the significance of a name? ; What is the significance of the name Node.js?What is the best way to understand neural networks and fuzzy logic? ; What is the best book for Fuzzy logic?Which operators cannot be overloaded in C++? ; Which operator cannot be overloaded in C++ and why?Where can I watch the England vs. New Zealand cricket match tomorrow? ; Why is the Queen of England still a big deal in New Zealand?What is the use of getting more upvotes in Quora? ; What is the purpose of Quora?What is the set up and hold time violations in VLSI? ; How is the job market of the VLSI industry in 2016? Is it up-growing or shrinking?Do you think the popularity of thongs is decreasing? ; Do you think our concept of the seasonal cycle has been badly distorted by popular culture?How do you remove epoxy paint from a concrete surface? ; How is epoxy paint removed from cement?Where can I I pay for food for poor people in Gurgaon, while remaining anonymous? ; Can we pay HUDA water bill for Gurgaon online?Will Rs. 2000 currency note really come with A GPS chip? Or it is just a rumor? ; Will the new Rs 2000 notes carry a nano GPS chip? Will it really Help?What are the differences between biotic factors and abiotic factors? ; What is the difference between biotic and abiotic?What do you think of this blog? ; What do you think about this blog forfishingvideos.blogspot.com?Why does WhatsApp forces its users to update their Application? ; Why doesn't WhatsApp give a material design update on Android?What are most underrated Bollywood movies? ; What are some of the most underrated movies?How do I create value for others? ; What is the best way to create value?Where can I find delicious cupcakes at Gold Coast? ; Where can I found different cupcake flavors in Gold Coast?Which is the best phone to buy under 15000 INR? ; Which is best smartphone to buy under Rs 15000?Which movies are the best examples of the Hero's Journey? ; What great films do not follow the classic '3-Act Structure' or 'Hero's Journey'?Is competitive coding practice essential for placement in IT firms? ; What is the use of the rank you get in CodeChef, HackerRank or TopCoder? Is it of any use during placement, will it get me a job or internship in a good company?What is your favorite sports car? ; What's your favourite sports car?What are ways I can increase my height (I'm a ftm Asian)? ; Does swimming increase your height in twenties?When colleges look at a 4.0, do they look at weighted or unweighted GPA? Does my weighted GPA matter when I apply for college? ; What is the difference between weighted GPA and unweighted GPA?Do we respect sacrifice made by our freedom fighters? ; Are we betraying the sacrifice made by our freedom fighters?Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving? ; What happens to questions marked as needing improvement? Are they inhibited from being seen as other questions are?What is the PAN number of the Punjab National Bank (PNB)? ; What is the PAN number of Bank of India?Why do I feel tired when I sleep late? ; Why do I feel tired when I wake up?Who are the hottest black women in your opinion? ; Who are some the hottest female sports anchors or journalists?Who's your father? ; Who is the father of movies?How can I get free PokeCoins and Pokeballs on Pokémon GO? ; Is there any way to get more PokeCoins in Pokémon GO?Can you get pregnant one day before ovulation? ; Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends?Cardiology: Is it true that you can die from a broken heart? ; Can you die from a broken heart?How do I respond to the statement "Taxes are theft!"? ; What is your opinion on the statement, “Tax is legalized theft”?Does nutritional yeast contain MSG? Why? ; Does nutritional yeast have MSG?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Illinois? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina?What are best Java UI rendering framework like WPF for .NET? ; Which is the best framework for Java?What are some (fictional) movies where an actor plays a character very similar to their real personality? ; What other movies are like Interstellar?Can skipping increase my height? ; Can jumping and skipping increase height (I'm 16 year old male)?Why is sexual intercourse Restricted by age? Is it harmful? ; Is the age of consent logical in spite of psychological and other scientific research regarding attraction and human sexual behavior?Who do you think would win the 2016 USA Election? ; Who is going to win the 2016 presidential election?How can you delete your Yahoo mail account? ; What are some ways to delete my Yahoo Mail account?Why haven't space agencies thought of reusable rockets before Space X? ; Haven't other space companies thought of reusable rockets?Research topics in Production Engineering at Master level? ; What are some good topics for research in computer science and engineering at the master's level?How can I answer college admissions interview questions to impress the professors? ; What is the craziest answer for, "why should we hire you"?Is death a new end or begining? ; Is death the end of everything or the beginning of nothing?Why do we use high voltage to transmit electrical power? ; Why does LVDT use high voltage?Why do dogs wag their tails when they are happy? ; Why do some dogs wag their tail in circles?What are the most sought after skills? ; What are the most sought after I.T. certifications?Why hasn't the KTM 125 Duke launched in India yet? ; Has KTM Duke 200 launched in India or is it going to be launched in 2017?Does Lenovo K3 note supports volte? ; Can a Lenovo K3 Note support VoLTE?Why do black men have big penises? ; Can black people blush?Why do so many people on Quora feel the need to state their IQ? ; Why do so many people on Quora brag about their IQ?How can I get messages that have been deleted from my dm on Instagram back? ; How do I get Instagram messages back when deleted?Are chocolates and cocaine (drug) made from same plants? ; Is mocha made with milk or dark chocolate?What is 3D builder in windows 10? ; Do you really need an antivirus software for Windows 10? Or is Windows Defender enough?What is the gear ratio when the car is being driven at the to gear(to speed)? ; What is gear ratio?Where can I get Etoos video lectures at a cyber cafe in Ranchi? ; Where can I get Etoos video lectures at a cyber cafe in Delhi?How do I hide my IP address? ; Is Tor basically the same as software that hides the users' ip address?What song can you listen to and never get tired of hearing? ; What songs can you listen to over and over and not get tired of?How are the British troops stationed in Bermuda, Belize, Cayman islands, Brunei, Hong Kong and Saint Kitts and Nevis reacted during the Falklands war? ; How would a modern day Falklands war turn out?How long can someone live with cancer and without receiving any treatment? ; How far could someone go if they could live without sex, drugs, smoking and alcohol?What type of diets can you follow to lose 5 pounds in 2 weeks? ; How can I lose 5lbs in 2 weeks?Which is the best commerce college in Mangalore? ; Which is the best commerce college in Kolkata?Is networking a good field to have a career in? What is the scope? How should I proceed in networking in an effective manner if yes? ; Is networking a good career option?Can I use letter stamps as postcard stamps? ; What is the USPS butterfly stamp used for? How many standard stamps is it equivalent to?How much water should a normal, healthy adult drink on a daily basis to avoid dehydration? ; How much water should one drink in one day?[SPOILER] How big of a shock was it that Darth Vader was Luke's father when it was first revealed? ; Star Wars Movies: Does Princess Leia ever learn that Darth Vader is her father?Secrets of Indian army? ; What is the secrets of indian army?How can you define maturity? ; What is maturity? Is it only the physical change?What are some good and cheap lodges in Paharganj, Delhi? Are there any good lodging options around Pragati, Maidan? ; What are some good Delhi Metro travel hacks?Why are specs & sunglasses so expensive? ; Why are Ray-Ban sunglasses so expensive?How do I find egg cooking chefs in a city? ; How do you cook an egg for a chef who will judge all your cooking skills by this one dish?My baby can't suck on my nipple. How can I breastfeed? ; Why does a baby often suck its finger?Which is the best institute for GMAT preparations in Delhi? ; What are the best coaching institutes for GMAT in NCR?What is infant mortality rate? ; What is the infant mortality rate for Russia?How do I buy a good bansuri (bamboo flute) for beginners in flute learning? ; Which bansuri should I buy as a beginner?Is it possible to be an outgoing introvert? ; What is an outgoing introvert?How was your KVPY sa 2016? ; What is the expected KVPY 2016 SA cut off?Why does Dushka Zapata have a story about EVERYTHING? Are they all true? ; How does Dushka Zapata have so many stories to tell?What does an interior designer do? ; What does a interior designer do?What does Donald Trump's success tell us about the American public? ; What does Donald Trump's nomination reflect about the people of the United States/Americans?Why do some teenage girls want to marry, divorce after a while and get alimony? ; Why some teenage girls want to marry, then divorce and then get alimony?I wanna study hard but I can't, how can I motivate myself for that? ; I can't motivate myself to study or work hard at anything. How can I change this?Is Putin actually a coward? ; How can I be less cowardly?What is your view on the recent demonetization in India? ; What is your view on Demonetization in India?Why do dogs wag their tails when they are happy? ; Why do dogs wag their tails?What are the different genre of songs? ; Why does any girls talk to me "Is there any purpose of talking to me"?How do I become a football/soccer manager/coach? What are some steps I can take to start? ; What pathway should I take to become a football (soccer) manager?How do I overcome my fear of uncertainty in life? ; How do I overcome the fear of uncertainty in life?What does a drug dealer do specifically? ; What is it like to be a drug dealer?What is an inanimate object? ; What is an inanimate object? What are examples of inanimate objects?Can anyone become good at mathematics? ; Can everyone become good at math?Should I get "Objective Physics for Medical Entrances" by DC Pandey or "Understanding Physics for the JEE-Mains" by the same author for the AIIMS UG entrance exam? ; Which is the best coaching class for the preparation of medical entrance exams in India?( UG and PG)Can I withdraw a police complaint after FIR has been lodged? ; What is difference between FIR and complaint?How can I get a job? ; How do I get a Job in IT?How do I get cash off a credit card without the card? ; How do you get cash back from a credit card?How much doctors visit cost? ; How much does a doctor visit cost?Why are linear motors not used to actuate robots? ; What are the different actuators and motors used in biometrics?What is it that we as Indians are collectively doing wrong? ; What is it that we indians are doing collectively wrong?Is there a way to prevent hair Loss? ; My hair is falling. What can I do to prevent this?How do you convert mL to grams? ; What is the equation to convert grams into milliliters?What are some of the must listen carnatic songs on flute? ; What are some of the must-listen Carnatic Songs?How can I see what someone is doing when connected to my Android hotspot? ; How do I sniff hotspot connected devices' traffic data on my Android cellphone?Why are there 12 inches in a foot? ; Why is 12 inches equivalent to 1 foot?What is it like to be a graduate student at TIFR, Mumbai? ; How is life in TIFR?How did you realize you wanted to be an architect? ; Who are the best architects in the world?I want to participate in the next Google Summer of Code (GSoC). Where should I start from and what should I do? ; What should I do to get an entry in the Google Summer of Code contest?What is first night? ; What is the first night effect?Why did you choose The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn to read? ; Why did you choose The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn to read as your first novel?What to do when you don't want to do? ; What do you do when you don't want to do anything?What is verfify identity in Google account? ; How should I handle my break-up dilemma?What are your paranormal experiences? ; What are some paranormal experiences you had?What's your secret to success? ; What is the secret to success?What is open market operation? ; What do you mean by open market operation?Do atheists who celebrate Christmas call it something different? ; Do atheists call Christmas something different?Can extend my J1 visa with an Optional Practice Training? ; Is a Master's in Systems, Control and Robotics at KTH Stockholm, a good choice if one has a BSc in Mechanical Engineering?Which is best mobile under 15000? ; Which is the best phone below 15000?What is living in Wyoming like? ; What's the capital of Wyoming?What are best practices for deeply nested components with React and Redux? ; Where I will get the full fledged example of React-Redux?How can anyone increase height? ; Which exercise type help you to increase your height?How do you describe a poor and a rich person? ; How can you tell a rich person from a greedy rich person?Do schools kill creativity? ; Does education kills creativity?What are good methods to study engineering? ; What is the best method of studying?Are humans truly from another planet? ; Could the human race have originated from another planet?Now that Donald Trump is President, will international students stop coming to US universities? ; Should I (a prospective Indian student) stop applying to universities in the USA, now that Donald Trump has become the president?Why is diversity good? ; Why is diversity a good thing?What is backend process? ; What is a backend?What supplements can help me build muscle and burn fat? ; What is a good way to burn fat while building muscle?Is the lift on ban of Jallikattu (Tamil Nadu's bull taming sport) justified? ; What's so special about tamil nadu alanganallur jallikattu?Neurotypical perceptions of a English rapper with Autism considering their difficulties? ; What percent of people with autism are severely disabled?What are the meal plans for the Dr.Moreno's 17 day diet? ; What diet should we follow if we go to the gym?How do I improve my aptitude and thinking skills? ; How do I improve my thinking?What is the best workflow for using Adobe Fireworks for iPhone Retina UI Design? ; Who is the best UI/UX design studio?Is the use of the phrase 'pass out' to mean 'graduate' correct? If correct, is it common? ; Which phrase "You and me" or "You and I" is used more commonly and which one is correct without using a full sentence?I'm 18. How can I make money online? ; What is the easiest way to earn money from online?Form where videos of sites like trainsignal, cbt nuggets etc can be downloaded (excluding torrent) for free? ; What is the best time to invest in real estate market after demonetisation?How do I get meth out of my system from smoking it instantly? ; So how can I get meth to be flush out of body in 2 hours before a urine drug test?What is the saddest thing you have ever seen on the internet? ; What is the saddest thing you've ever seen?I know C and Java. Is C++ worth learning? ; How do I learn C++ if I only know Java?What are some mind-blowing technology tools that most people don't know about? ; What are some mind blowing technology gadgets that most people don't know?How can I find a job in web development? ; What's the best way to find a job as a web developer?How should I prepare for the KVPY SA interview? ; How do I prepare for KVPY sa interview?How do I overcome social anxiety in public places? ; How do I overcome Social Anxiety?Please help.How can I know if my boyfriend is using dating apps? ; How can I find out whether my partner is using dating sites?How do I gain weight in naturally way? ; What should I do to gain some weight?What you guys think about ecommerce ecosystem of kerala? ; How much vitamin A in IU or retinol does horse liver contain?Would strobe lights in a strange pattern in a dark hallway work at preventing and disorientating a school shooter? ; would strobe lights in a dark hallway of a school be effective against a school shooter?  What is the Logic behind RAC (Reservation Against Cancellation) Seats in Indian Railways, when there already is a system of waitlisted tickets? ; How much time does it take a ticket to transition from RAC (reservation against cancellation) status to confirmed status?I have an intracluster correlation matrix, symmetric matrix capturing correlation between clusters (based on k means). What is a nice way to represent these clusters graphically using this matrix and the post intra-cluster correlation of each variable? ; How can we choose a "good" K for K-means clustering?Why is POP called plaster of PARIS? ; Why is plaster of Paris called plaster of Paris?Are there any universities that teach film production to people who have no filmmaking experience? ; Are there any programs in the valley that teach teenagers programming for teenagers who don't want to go to university?What would happen if you dropped a marble size object, that happens to be heated to 1,000,000 Celsius, into the middle of the ocean? ; Why do some people view death as fear provoking while others do not?What are some of the best examples of sarcasm? ; Which is the best example of Sarcasm?Why is liberal arts education considered to be bad? ; Why is liberal arts education bad?How much does Hanes charge for shipping? ; Where in the US are Hanes shirts sold?What it takes to be a successful entrepreneur? ; Can anyone be an entrepreneur? What does it take?What would you do if you accidentally landed on a site with child pornography? Would you contact the Police? If yes, Why would you do it? ; Do you think Egyptian government still hides information on their Pyramids? If yes, why and what would be the outcome if they didn't?What are key exceptions to doctor-patient confidentiality? ; Are doctors ever hesitant to heal a patient?Which book should i use for JEE  organic chemistry? ; Which book should I use for JEE organic chemistry?What hotel in Pelling Hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? ; What hotel in Lachung Hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?What is the best company for trading? ; What is the best company for trading in malaysia?What is formal theory? ; What is formalism?How do you get a new Straight Talk phone number? ; How do you change a phone number through Straight Talk?Why did Germany use inverted engines for most of their air craft during the Second World War? ; What civil planes were used during World War II?Which is the best sitcom: the Big Bang Theory, HIMYM or Friends? ; Which other sitcoms you should watch if you loved The Big Bang Theory and F.R.I.E.N.D.S.?What are the greatest quotes from the Mahabharata and Gita? ; What can we learn from the Mahabharata?What makes life difficult? ; How and why did you make your life difficult?How has the profession of nursing changed in the past century? ; I am 13 and can't meet my bathroom needs. It gets very noticeable and I must wear diapers and go to the nurse to get changed daily. How can I stop?What is the use of nested loops? ; How do nested loops work?What has Scott Forstall contributed to Apple? ; What is Scott Forstall like in person?How can we earn money online without investment? ; What is the easiest way to earn money from online?Is there any loopholes in Drishyam movie? ; How would you have caught Ajay Devgan if you were police in the movie, Drishyam (2015)?What is the salary of highest paid government job in India? ; Who is the highest paid teacher in India? Why?What is the best place to meet hot women in San Francisco? ; Where  is the best place in San Francisco to meet other 30-55 year old women?What kind of a job can a mechatronics engineer expect after graduation? ; What kind of a job does a person get after it engineering?Why doesn't IndiGo airlines have a loyalty/frequent flyer program like other airlines? ; Why does the Indigo Airlines flight crew mention the city of residence of its crew members? I haven’t heard any other airline doing so.What happens if a person overdoses on melatonin? ; What happens to a person who overdoses on vitamin B?What is the difference between angle of incidence and angle of reflection? ; What is the difference between angle of incidence and critical angle?What is the life history of Sundar Pichai? ; Why is Sundar Pichai not married?What is the best GPS and Glonass satellite system? ; Which is the most accurate satellite navigation system: GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, BeiDou, qzss, irnss NAVIC, …?Can you earn money from an affiliate adult content website? ; How do bloggers earn money?How can I watch uncensored footage from nature documentaries? ; What are the best World War II documentaries?Is it healthy to eat one chicken every day? ; Is it healthy to eat bread every day?In what ways are difference quotients and slopes related? ; Why do entrepreneurs need to be resilient?What does a user see when he/she gets a new message on Instagram? ; Can users see when they get messages in their Instagram?What happens if a jealous acquaintance reports an inappropriate social media post to a recruiter you applied with? ; If you’re planning a vacation and will be out of touch and not able to get online for a week, what tools would you use to ensure social media updates are being posted?How does having sex feel for the first time? ; What did it feel like when you first had sex?Does DNA change during the life? ; Does DNA change when growing up from baby to adult?What were the best movies of 2014? Why? ; What are some of the best movies of 2014?What is the weirdest dream you've had? ; What is your weirdest dream you remember?Who was the most powerful king in the history of India? ; Who was the most powerful king in the history of India? Why?How is blade commerce controlled in Vermont compared to Connecticut under the knife legislation? ; How is blade commerce controlled in Vermont compared to Nebraska under the knife legislation?How prevalent was sexual harassment in 1960's & 1970's offices? ; Has America gone back to the 1960's and 70's politically?What are some good experiment with family? ; What are the best experiences?Are there any RSS readers that pull comments? ; Are there any RSS readers for OS X that pull comments?Is it weird for me to consider the wearing of a hijab by women to be sexually attractive and sexually arousing? ; Do Muslim women have to wear a jilbab? Is it possible to wear wide pants, and a long-sleeved thick shirt with a hijab?How can I deal with depression and low self-esteem? ; What should I do to get rid of my anxiety and my low self-esteem?How is the procentual difference between 4% and 3%? ; What is the procentual difference between 4% and 3%? What is the formula to calculate?How do I change the font style on the HTC Desire 816g? ; How can I change the font style in htc desire 816g?What is the difference between analytical analysis and simulation? ; What is the difference between global maximum and minimum temperature for simulation and analysis purpose in ANSYS?Is it bad if I tell my boss I don't want to get paid? ; What would happen if I was working and said to my boss I don't want to get paid?Where should I stay in Munnar? ; What are the best places to stay in munnar?What do you make of this Game of Thrones theory? ; How can I order goods from U.S.A and where do I find them in bulks…for example something like Alibaba?What is the legal age for sexual consent in India? ; What is the age of consent in India?What systems software can run domestic debit card without banks? ; If a man is a single father in Russia would he be looked down on?What online grocery/food delivery services accept EBT cards/food stamps? ; Can you use EBT cards at Costco or Sam's Club?How do I overcome my inferiority complex ? ; How do I overcome my inferiority complex?Which grand theft auto is your favourite? ; What is the best Grand Theft Auto?Will Pakistan destroy India? ; How is Pakistan destroying India?Do people find dimples attractive? ; Why are dimples such a cherished trait?Where is Bhutan? ; What is Bhutan?How YouTube pay? ; When can Youtube pay?How can I observe like Sherlock Holmes? ; How can I think like Sherlock Holmes?Future of Work: Will machines replace humans? ; When will robots take people's jobs? Is it expected to happen overnight or will it take a while?Does Putin like Hillary Clinton? ; Why should one vote for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election?Is sexstorian.com safe? ; Is zerocensorship.com safe?I forgot my password and the email address I used to create my Snapchat account. How can I log in or at least change my email address or password? ; How do I delete an account on instagram if I can't remember the password or email?What is the best time to book a Caribbean trip? ; When is best time to book carribian trip?What do you think of Supreme Court's decision of playing National Anthem in all cinemas? ; What are your views on the supreme court's decision to make playing national anthem mandatory in cinema halls?Why did Harry Potter name his daughter after Luna Lovegood? ; What happened to Luna Lovegood after Book 7?Which is better AMD radeon r5 m335 4GB or Nvidia Geforce 940m 4GB graphic card for gaming? ; Which is better AMD radeon r5 m335 4GB or Nvidia Geforce 940m 4GB graphic card for laptops?What is the solution to this puzzle? ; If you choose an answer to this question at random, what is the chance you will be correct? (A) 25% (B) 50% (C) 60% (D) 25%What will be the effect in Stock market after the Indian Government's decision to demonitize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? ; What will be the effect on share market after the banning of 500 and 1000 notes?What do you think of PM's decision on the banning of 500 and 100 rupee notes? ; What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?How do I impress the boss's boss? ; How do I impress my boss's boss?What's the worst thing someone has done to you? ; What is the worst thing that someone has done to you and how do you feel about it now?My face has gained a lot of fat .How do I reduce it? ; What is the best way to reduce face fat?If I apply in a company for the post of Business analyst or Data analyst, will I be asked for any SQL or VBA certification? ; Is there a need of SQL and VBA certification for applying for business analyst post?What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Washington? ; What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Indiana?What is local viable in java? ; What are the advantages of adopting a child?How do I fold both rear-seats & one of the front seats in Maruti Swift Diesel Vdi 2014 model? ; What is best seat color for grey swift?What books should read? ; What books should one read?What is Ali Garh Trusteeship bill? ; Were Jawaharlal Nehru and Muhammad Ali Jinnah brothers?Why are you not talking to me? ; Why does he not talk to me?I forgot my Tata Photon password. How can I get back? ; I have a Tata Photon modem but I forgot its password. How can I it get back? Model: EC156 MEID to know meWhat is the relative permeability of steel? ; What is the relative permeability of silicon steel?What are some must have softwares for students? ; What are some "must-have" software?Can a Lightsaber cut through Adamantium? ; Can a lightsaber cut through Superman?Which is correct: each of you is  or  each of you are? ; "I am sorry" vs "excuse me": When should each be used?Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump? ; In what aspects is Hillary Clinton better than Trump?Why did the Korean war happen? ; Why did the Vietnam war happen?How do you run away as an adult? ; How can I run away from Algeria?What do you think of the move by the govt to scrap 500 & 1000 rupee notes? ; What are the possible implications of Demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?What is wrong in this c++ code? ; What is wrong in my C++ code?What should I do if I haven't had my periods for almost four months now? ; What can cause a woman's period to be late?How can Jammu & Kashmir issue be resolved? ; What is the best political solution to the Kashmir conflict?Where can I watch Sherlock Season 4 online? ; How can is see Sherlock Holmes season 4 online?What are the ways for enhancing practical knowledge and exposure for a CA student in the 2 months period after IPCC 1st group exam? ; What are the stuffs to read to enhance the practical knowledge and exposure For a CA student?What are some sentence examples using "jejune"? ; What are some sentence examples using "satirical"?What are sac fungi? What are some examples? ; What are some fungi examples?Where can I download a cracked version of photoshop? ; Where can I download a cracked version of Mathematica?What do you think of love? ; What do you think of your first love?After a US President serves two four-year terms, can they run again after four to eight years being out of office? ; How was FDR elected four times when the limit was two terms?Where in Hyderabad can I find karate classes for adult women? ; Are there any female karate instructors in Hyderabad?Who is best lingerie online shopping store in India? ; How can I find best online shopping stores in india?What will you do if you made a regretful decision in life? ; What should one do when your Manager comes up and says ,"If you don't do an MBA, you will regret it for the rest of your life"?Is it me or is it harder to maintain friendships? ; Why is it difficult to maintain friendships?What are crop tops? ; What is crop top?Who killed more Iraqis: Saddam Hussein or George W. Bush? ; Is George W. Bush more competent than Barack Obama? Why or why not?What role did Ireland have in World War II? ; What role did Brazil play in World War II?Who owns this number 3152150252? ; Who owns this number: 07904378172?What was the exact method by which Hubble discovered the red-shift of distant galaxies? ; How do we know the bright spots in the HST Hubble Deep Field are galaxies and not stars?Which laptop is the most suitable with the following specs? ; Which laptop is most suitable with the following specs?Can an IAS officer run a restaurant with the help of his spouse? ; Can a person who is an IAS officer run their own bussiness?U.S. Presidential Elections: Would Trump beat Sanders if they were the nominees for President? ; Could Trump beat Sanders in a general election?Which is the most long-lasting yonex shuttlecock for state level players? ; How can a beginner tennis player win against a state level player?Which phone is better, XOLO or Micromax? ; Toptal takes Your business/career to the next level, want to give it a try?What do you think about the death penalty? ; What is the death penalty?What's it like to work at C1 Financial for your first job? ; How can I create Jio id for jiofi device?How do delete Quora quesitons? ; How do you delete a question on Quora?Is the reaction in the Universe which causes dark energy the outflow of a Universal black hole, causing the galxy clusters to accelerate away from us? ; What is a good book which contains a huge knowledge about the universe, space, black holes, galaxies, etc. Any suggestions?What do people think about Muslims? ; What do people all over the world think about Muslim?Why do young women sext older men? ; Why do some women marry men a lot older?Where can I rent a PS4 in Bangalore? ; Where can I rent PS4 games in Bangalore?What are the cutest animals? ; What the cutest animal in the world?Why did Mahatma Gandhi not get Bharat Ratna or the Nobel Peace Prize? ; Why Mahatma Gandhi didn't get Bharat Ratna?What would be a cool way to commit suicide? ; What are the possible ways to commit suicide?What are some good tips while learning piano? ; Can some one give me tips on learning piano?What's the 'Theory Of Everything' you believe in? ; What is your theory of everything?Is having a dry throat related to diabetes? ; How is throat dryness associated with diabetes?What's the body that governs sports in Denmark, and its (email) contact point? ; What's the body that governs sports in Sweden, and its (email) contact point?What is an inexpensive tool to track email opens? ; How can one track whether sent email was read?What is happiness? ; What is happiness not?What app/website let's me use a security camera filter? ; Which site(s) let you view live camera footage (ie security)?How should I start preparing for civil services exam? ; How do I start preparation for civil services exams?How can I apply for a membership in the United Nations or other international organizations? ; What is required for individual membership with the United Nations?What if mental illnesses didn't exist? ; What is mental illness?What is the easiest way to live off the grid? ; How is it living off the grid in India ?Is there any way of knowing if a guy is gay? ; How do you find out whether a hot guy is gay?What is diff between national park, sanctuary and biosphere reserve? ; What is the Kaziranga National Park?Is it right for a gay Christian to think that gay love is okay but gay sex is unacceptable? ; What is it like to have gay sex, if you're not actually gay or bisexual?What are the pre-requisites for scikit-learn? ; What do you think are the biggest flaws of the scikit-learn API?Was 2G spectrum scam bad for India? ; What is the 2G spectrum scam in India about?What is crossing-over in meiosis? ; What is the process of crossing over in meiosis?What is the most beautiful Linux distro? ; Which Linux Distro is this?In Google Analytics, can I view traffic for a specific page? ; In Google Analytics, how do I view traffic for a specific page?Who is/was the most underrated actor/actress in Bollywood? ; Who are the most underrated actors and actresses in Bollywood?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Antarctica? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Great Basin Desert?How would you know if a person was still into you? ; How do you know if a person is lying?Who named earth? ; Who in the Earth named Earth?What is the Bohr Rutherford diagram for calcium? ; What is the Bohr Rutherford diagram for sodium?How many words does an average native English speaker know? ; How many idioms does an average native English speaker know?What is the best app for photo and video editing? ; What is the best app for video editing?Why is traveling relaxing? ; Is there a way to bypass sleep?If someone paid you $1 million to walk into a public area in Israel, do the Nazi salute and shout "Heil Hitler," would you do it? ; In Nazi Germany, was the greeting "Heil Hitler" used on an everyday basis, when entering the shop or meeting friends?How should I earn money online working from home? ; How can I make money online for job?How do I download free music? ; Is there a platform where I can download free music?How do I test the AdWords Ad link externally (not from the system)? ; How do I recover data from external harddrive whemn it is not responding in the system?How do I stop procrastination? ; How should I avoid procrastination?What are some things women think about men that we probably don't know? ; What are some things a man should know about women?When will the BHI employees "feel" the effects of the merger? ; Did Marissa Mayer fail at turning Yahoo around?Which company offers good fire fighting equipments? ; Which company offers good fire fighting tools?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Eastern University? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bradley University?How many stocks does Microsoft India give for each promotion/level jump? ; Is Director and Principal same level in Microsoft?What are some dating sites that really work? ; Do dating apps and sites really work?I am electronics & communication engineer. I am placed at wipro. Should I have take up any certification course? ; Is it better to stick with a bachelor of dietetics or is it better to become a registered dietitian?How is the life of Sikhs and Hindus in Pakistan and Bangladesh? ; How is the life of Hindus in Pakistan and Bangladesh?What is the best Final Fantasy game? ; What are the best Final Fantasy games?What are some home remedy for dry skin? ; What are some home remedies for oily skin?Is college really worth all the stress? ; Is university really worth it?What are the salaries of IAS, IPS and IFS officers? ; How do IAS/IPS/IFS/IES (other than railways) officers get their reservations on a train?Who will win IPL 2016? ; Who will win IPL 2013?How do the tourist attractions on the Scandinavian Highlands compare to attractions in Switzerland? ; How do the tourist attractions on the Scandinavian Highlands compare to attractions in Slovakia?What will be the future of LGBT in india? ; What is the future of the LGBT community in India?How can I Transfer Music from iPhone to Mac without iTunes? ; What is the best alternative to iTunes to transfer data between iPhone and PC without the need of iTunes?Can India become cashless? ; How can India become cashless?How is the word 'ubiquitous' used in a sentence? ; How is the word "ubiquitous" used in a sentence?What is your New Year’s Resolution(s) for 2017? ; What can be my new year resolution for 2017?What was it like to work with Satya Nadella? ; How is it to work with Satya Nadella?How do I learn strumming on a guitar? ; How do I learn strumming on the guitar?How do you define "human being?" ; How would you define the "human being"?How do you start a bakery? ; How can one start a bakery business?What percentage of Jews living in Israel do not believe in Zionism? What about those living in the United States? ; Why do some American Jews feel more resentment towards WWII Poles than the Arabs/Muslims who currently target Jews & Israel in their struggle?Why do people say "bless you" whenever someone sneezes? ; What is the origin of saying "bless you" when someone sneezes?How can one overcome the fear of speaking in public? ; How could we overcome the fear of speaking truth?Can I wear supporter all day? ; Can I impress girls if I wear tight pants?Which is the best company for getting review products for free? ; What is the best website for consumer product reviews?Should I quit my first job after two months? ; Is it ok to quit my first job after 6 months?How can I learn programming from scratch? ; How can i start learning programming and coding from scratch?Why did you have children? ; Why did you choose to have children?What was (or is) the stupidest question asked on Quora? ; What is the stupidest question ever asked on Quora, other than this one?What ingredient, if added to vaccines, could scientifically cause autism? ; Do vaccines cause autism?How is the Mass communication department at Ashoka University? ; Which one would be better for me to study in a university; mass communication or pharmacy?Can someone know if you read their Twitter message? ; If I sent direct message to someone on Twitter then block them after that, can they reply?U.S. Constitution: How relevant is the Third Amendment to today? ; What is the First Amendment in the U.S Constitution?Can I change my eye colour using hypnosis? ; Can people really change their eye colors by hypnosis?Can we change yellow board car to white board? ; Do the universities contact you after submitting GRE scores?How can we flirt with a girl? ; How do I flirt with any girl?Who really gets on your nerves? ; Difference between master of engineering and master of science?How do I apply for a banking license in Germany? ; I have a UK driver license. Can I drive in Germany?How hard is the AWS Developer Associate certification? ; Is AWS CLI essential for AWS Sysops Admin or CSA certification?What is the difference between a Center Forward (CF) and Striker (ST) , Is it based only on the formation? ; Why is a striker called a no.9?What is the typical starting salary for someone with an undergraduate degree in theology? ; What is the typical starting salary for someone with an undergraduate degree in sociology?How many total active Gmail users are there in Kenya? ; How is Gmail support helpful for Gmail users?How can I join Indian army after BBA? ; How can I join indian air force or indian Navy after completing engineering?How do you check your SBI account number? ; How can I check my bank account NUMBER if I only have my account number?What are some great whisky mixers? ; What are some great Whiskey mixers?How do I get a lean body? ; What are some ways to get leaner?Is there any possibility to increase height after 21? ; How girls can increase their height after 18 years?After starting my laptop, only the Lenovo screen shows up. What should I do? ; What should I do if my Lenovo G500s gets stuck at the Lenovo start screen?What is the difference between BPEL, BPMN and BPM? ; What is the difference between BPM and BIS?Want to know about Payoda (s/w company)? ; Whaat is xnxx?Is there any relation between the ventricular systolic period and heart rate? ; What is the difference between resting heart rate and normal heart rate?Why do people ask questions on Quora that are easily to find answers too on Google? ; Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online?. ; Why is Cornell's endowment the lowest in the Ivy League?How do you trace your roots? ; How can you trace your roots?What are the skills required to crack TCS codevita 1st round? ; Why don't people reply to my questions?Can I deposit Rs. 50000 without a PAN card? ; Can I deposit rs. 240000 without pan card?What is the meaning of "Sugar" by Maroon 5? ; What are Maroon 5 fans called?How do I become a vice president of a MNC? ; How do I become a Vice President of sales?What is the all-time record for most sins in a CinemaSins video? ; What is the most viewed videos India?Who are these Rothschilds? Do they really own central banks around the world? ; Who controls the central banks of the world?Is it possible to stand still in outer space? ; Why can't we use kerosene as a fuel in engines though it's calorific value is nearer to diesel?In what way do moles cause cancer? ; Do moles cause cancer?What are some of the most famous antifederalist leaders? What did they accomplish? ; Why are the Chinese, Japanese and Korean people so thin?Could anyone help me with the best IAS coaching centers in Hyderabad? ; Which is the best IAS coaching centres in Hyderabad?How do you know if you've fallen for someone? ; How do know that you are in love?Why does gst bill is important? ; How do GST bill will benefit local people?Will this gap year affect my personal interviews in IIMs? ; Will a gap year after graduation adversely affect my interview at IIMs?Should I buy a laptop with AMD A10-8700P or Intel i5-5200U to go with 6 GB Ram and Windows 10? ; Which laptop should I buy? Asus Vivobook X541U-WB51, 15.6” FHD, Intel i5-6198U or Asus VivoBook X540YA-DM129T 15.6” FHD AMD, A8-7410?How long did it take you to learn JavaScript? ; How long does it take to master JavaScript?What is Atal Pension Yojana? Who can join Atal Pension Yojana? ; What is Atal Pension Yojana? What are its benefits?How do you track someone by their cell phone number? ; How do you track someone with their cell phone?What is the best way to outline your novel? ; What is the best way to outline a novel/story for a novice writer?What are the most popular linux distros for deep learning research? ; What is the most powerful Linux distro?What is the meaning of para and gravida? ; What is the meaning of para 2 and gravida 3?Why do I have a hard lump on my earlobe? ; Why do I have a strange lump in my earlobe?How can you determine if the reaction is exothermic or endothermic? ; What defines whether a chemical reaction is exothermic or endothermic?Why do so many people believe that the IQ test determines your intelligence? ; Why do so many people believe IQ tests can measure such an ill-defined thing as intelligence?How can I be a designer? ; What is the best way to be a designer?How do I get a golden bottle cap in Pokemon Sun / Moon? ; What are strange souvenirs for in Pokemon Sun and Moon games?What could be the reason why iPhone sales dropped for the first time? ; What is causing iPhone sales to drop (April 2016)?Who is the most famous poet in the world? ; Who is the most famous poets?Is wowchat legal in India? ; Is antique business legal in India?Height: How would a 14 year old increase his height? ; How should I increase my height?How much amount to fill in amount of transaction column of form 60/61? ; How much money will amount to rupees 560 in 3 years at 4% per annum.?Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC or Android? ; Would R4 cards work on a Nintendo 3DS XL?How much weight would I lose in a month if I eat 300 calories per day? ; How much weight can I lose running 1 mile per day?Why do I forget things that I read so easily? ; Why do I forget things easily?What do you hate about Toptal's interviewing process? ; I need an Indian representative for the supply of raw materials of pharmaceutical products to our company. (roger.rene957@yahoo.com) BST RGD RENE?Should I buy the Maruti Suzuki WagonR or the Honda Brio? ; How is the performance of Honda Brio?Should a machine learning beginner go straight for deep learning? ; Why is deep learning so important in machine learning?How can I get an .edu email (without being in school)? ; How do I get a .edu email address?I may score 160 in WB EVETES Exam 2016, may I get a seat? ; I am expecting 160-170 marks in KLE entrance (may b more than that), can I get MBBS seat in KLE through this score?Why did Mr Weasley ask how bus stops work to Mr and Mrs. Granger in Chamber of Secrets? ; Why didn't Tom Riddle simply use "Avada Kedavra" to kill Harry in The Chamber of Secrets?Why is it controversial to say that the Earth could be the only planet in the universe with life? ; How true is it that the Earth is the only planet having life in the entire universe?How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Get It On? ; How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using aFreeChat.com?How hard is IB HL Mathematics ? ; How do I prepare for IB math HL?What is research objective? ; What is subjectivity and objectivity in research?Will a TP-Link WN722N work with Ubuntu 16.04 without needing to install the driver? ; How can I use my TP-Link Tl-WN722N with Kali Linux?What does "soft rock" mean in geology? ; Geology: What does "bauxite is about as weathered as you can get" mean?How did Sunny Leone come so far (from porn star to great Bollywood actress? ; Will Sunny Leone ever come back in porn films?Which university is best for computer engineering in Nepal? ; What are the best marriage gift presentation for an amount of 10,000 Rs?What happened to the Flight MH370? ; What happened to MH370?Does milk make you grow taller? ; Can you grow taller at the age of 17?How do you type a facepalm in text? ; What is the way to type the infinity text symbol on Instagram?What is the difference between cheap and expensive bottled water? ; Is bottled water better for you than tap water? What is higher learning accreditation commission of Texas? ; How do I find decent and valid rentals for students in Canada? Can you share the websites?Why does Arvind Kejriwal always comment against Modi? ; Why is Kejriwal against Modi?How do I project my Android phone screen to my laptop? ; How do I remove trade exchange virus from my android phone and windows laptop?What is the best wireless internet service provider in India? ; Which are the best wireless internet services in India?Should I learn python or Java first? ; Between Java and Python, which one is better to learn first and why?What's the best reverse osmosis system? ; What is the best reverse osmosis system?Who is better Trump or Clinton? ; Who will be a better president Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?Can you teach me this? ; What can you teach me that can be useful in my life?Who won the second debate? ; Who won the 2nd presidential Debate?Is automobile designing is a promising career in India? ; What is the best way to make a career in automobile designing in India?How do I get meth out of my system in 3 days? ; Is there any pill you can buy to flush meth out of your system for a drug test?Shakespeare once said "There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy". How should skeptics best address this question? ; What do you think is "Hell"?Why are people who are not vegan so vehement in criticizing vegans who live with vegan dogs? ; How do vegans justify eating plants if their premise for their lifestyle is not harming living organisms?If a woman cheated on her late husband when married, will she cheat on me? ; I love a married woman and have told her about my feelings for her. She wants me to be friends with her husband. What is going on in her mind?What event or experience from your childhood inspired you as an adult? ; What would you suggest to an adult who didn't grow up with enough love from parents, as "complement" to love that was missing in his/her childhood?What is metal to ligand charge transfer (MLCT) transition and ligand to metal charge transfer (LMCT) transition? ; Which transitional metals are found in the body?Can an entangled pair have well defined angular momentums and undefined spins? ; Can a new entangled pair be made from a pair of entangled particles without destroying the original entanglement?What could be the blood group of a child if his parents are both B positive? ; What is the probability that a baby have AB blood group if his parents has A and B blood group?What is the best app to keep track of your daily expense? ; Which is the best app to keep a track of expense?I have never got a Voter ID Card. I am a resident of UP but at present I am living in Bhopal, MP. Now could I get one if I want to vote from here? ; Can I get voter id card of my native village if I am not residing there?How do I stop my Shepherd-Husky mix puppy from humping my furniture? ; How do you stop your Boxer/Pitbull mix from humping your furniture?Why doesn't Tesla make cars with a sun-roof with solar panels? ; Why Tesla is not installing solar panels on cars?How do I get over someone I just cannot get over? ; How can you completely get over someone?What are the greatest lessons you have learnt in life? ; What is the most important lesson you have learnt in your life?How useful is it to learn programming on codecademy? ; How can I use Codecademy to learn programming?What is the cost of studying at BITS Pilani CSE 4 years BE course? ; Is the first year syllabus for B. Pharm in BITS Pilani same as B.E. courses including CSE, EEE? Is it good to think about working hard and get EEE or CSE later?According to Hindu mythology, how many times has Shiva opened his 3rd eye and why? ; Now we are in 'KALYUG' (according to Hindu mythology). What would have been the scenario if there was democracy in "SATYUG"?How do I make my sandwich more like subway? ; Is fundamental constants are really constants? Or it varies like planks constant, electron, gravity and etc?What is the meaning of "vox organalis"? ; How much voter fraud goes on in US elections?What other public speakers are like Jason Silva? ; How can I learn to be a good public speaker?Can I deposit 500 & 1000 INR notes in my savings account multiple times on each banking day till 30/12/2016? ; Can I deposit 500 & 1000 INR notes in my current account multiple times on each banking day till 30/12/2016?What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy? ; What are the economic implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?What are the products formed when acetone reacts with concentrated nitric acid? ; What products are formed when an acid and a base react?What is the spin quantum number and what is its value? ; What is spin multiplicity in quantum numbers?How can I soundproof a room for music? ; How do you soundproof a room for music?How can I overcome the procrastination? ; How do you avoid procrastination?Which is the best Carrier air conditioner service center in Hyderabad? ; Which is the best service carrier air conditioner service center in hyderabad?How can I get better at building in Minecraft? Other than using Grian. ; Is Pikachu a better starter than the three others?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Express? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Cyan?What is the difference between Systems Engineering and Industrial Engineering? ; What is better - engineering or medical?Teachings of saints relavance to todays generation? ; What is risk in Project Management?What will happen if Donald Trump became the president of America? ; What will happen now that Donald Trump has won the elections?What kind of organisation was the SS? ; What is the ss?Why does inflation depreciate the currency while deflation appreciates the currency? ; Banking: How much currency can a country print?If I use a VPN while downloading torrents will I get caught? ; What is best way to bypass torrent blocking?How can I improve my communication skill and English proficiency? ; How can improve my English speaking?Example of perfectly inelastic demand? ; What is perfectly inelasticity in demand?What are the best cuisines in the world and why? ; Which country has the worst cuisine?What is the difference between O- and O+? ; Is it true Celtic people all have O negative blood?Is clearing JEE (Advanced) important in joining a famous institute like Allen of FIITJEE? ; Can I deposit money in an sbt account using SBI cdm?Which is the best travel planning website? ; What is the best website or app to use for trip planning, and why?How can I stop myself from watching too much of porn? ; How can I stop watching porn?How much money do average earning shopaholics spend on clothes and accessories? ; In a year, how much money does a movie buff spend on average to watch movies in a cinema hall? How does he avoid bad films?What is the best MongoDB ORM for node.js? ; What's the best MongoDB ORM for Python?How do I find max/min in arrays using recursion in C? ; Should I use C++ vector or C array?In what part of the film Furious 7 did the tragic accident happen to Paul Walker? ; How difficult was it to continue acting a movie with another person to body doubles your friend who suddenly died like Paul Walker in Furious 7?What is the minimum salary to live comfortably in Malaysia? ; What is the minimum salary to live comfortable in india?Can any one suggest the best foods for gaining weight? ; Which is the best food to gain weight?How is a TF card different from an SD card? ; How do I recover pictures from SD card on MAC?How do I deal with social anxiety disorder? ; How do I deal with my social anxiety?How should a woman increase weights with Stronglifts? ; How can I increse my weight?What are the differences between SQL and Sql*plus (or mysql)? ; What is the difference between SQL and SQLite?What are some of your favorite books? ; What is your favorite book of all time and why?Which type of engineering can build robots, drones etc.? ; How would you design a robot and/or drone?How can I become a charismatic person? ; How can I become more charismatic?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Estonia? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in China?Is banana good for breakfast? ; What are some good, healthy breakfast meals?Can I hack someone's mobile using IP address? ; When I was on a mobile phone to change the IP address on the Internet, do the target web page know that I use the same phone?How do Buddhists stay motivated? What practices or beliefs do they do? ; How do Buddhists stay motivated? What practices do they do?Should I contact my ex whom I have not contacted for years? ; No contact with ex for 1 month should I contact him first?How much do IGF1 levels vary throughout the day? ; How do I stay energetic Throughout the day?What are ways I can make money online? ; How can I make money online consistently?What is the best way to talk English fluently? ; What is the best way or resources to learn english like a native speakers?How can I stop masturbating forever? ; How should I stop masturbating?Does the 2000 note have a chip inside for its tracking? ; Is 2000 rupee note really not going to come with chip?Will drilling holes in my catalytic converter make it louder? ; Will drilling holes in the catalytic converter make the exhaust louder?In India, what is the scope of environmental engineering? ; What is the scope of desktop engineering in india?How do I know when a guy is interested in another guy? ; How do you know if a guy is interested or not?What devices operate at radio frequency spectrum? ; Where would you get a radio frequency microchip tracking device?What should my friend and I do on Saturday if we are bored? ; What should I do when I'm bored?What are a few classic horror novels? ; What are some of the best horror novels?How did you meet your life partner? ; How did you meet your lover?What's it like to be a pornstar? ; What is it like to have a pornstar as a wife?Why do electrons repel each other? ; How/Why do electrons repulse each other?I drink about a bottle of wine a night. If I stop drinking, will I lose weight quickly? ; If I'm lost in the desert and have no water for a full day and find a bottle of vodka, should I drink it? What about wine or beer?Is there a way to get a user's friends' email address through Facebook API for php? ; Is there any way to get a user's email address through Twitter OAuth API?Can Bsc visual communication graduate apply for government jobs? ; How do I apply for government job after BBA?What percentage of commission do sellers need to pay e-commerce websites like Flipkart, eBay, Amazon, Shopclues, Shimply, Myntra etc., when selling clothing such as t-shirts? ; I do not have any offline store. Can I register myself as a seller/retailer on e-commerce websites such as Amazon, Flipkart, eBay, etc.?What is the toughest question asked in upsc interview? ; What are the toughest questions asked in UPSC CSE interviews?How can I write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi? ; How is the daily life of Mr. Narendra modi?What makes banana bread so moist? ; What is the best way to make moist bread?Where can I get professional painting experience in North Sydney? ; Where can I get very professional painting service in North Sydney?How can I pass 70-411 certification exam? ; What things do Chinese people find strange about the West?Could One Punch Man kill Wolverine or Deadpool? ; Who would win in a one on one fight Saitama from One Punch Man or Naruto from Naruto?How is school changing in the 21st century in Canada? ; How is school changing in the 21st century in Thailand?Why AAP’s MLA Dinesh Mohaniya has been arrested? ; What are your views on the latest sex scandal by AAP MLA Sandeep Kumar?What are some questions that I may be asked in a Google interview? ; What questions are asked in Google Interviews?Why should one read books? ; Why should we read more books?Why did Disney change the Star Wars story (i.e. what is Canon and what is Legends)? ; Star Wars Legends: Is Gilad Pellaeon a good person?Is using WiFi during a thunderstorm dangerous? ; Can thunderstorms cause a power outage?Are there more colors in a rainbow than the seven usually mentioned? ; Are there more riots today than in the past?Why do Indians get so few medals in the Olympics compared to China? ; Why India has few medals in the olympic table when compared to chinese and rest of the world in terms of their population?What phone should I buy under Rs 15000? ; Which is best mobile under 15000?Where can I watch in English dub boruto Naruto the movie? ; Naruto: when will they english dub up to the last chapter?What is time dilation? ; What is the meaning of time dilation?How do I get rid of the fats covering my muscles all over my body? ; How do I get rid of fat?Can I make 10,000 a week betting on horses? ; Can I make 30,000 a month betting on horses?Is incognitovpn.com legit? ; What is clk.atdmt.com? Is it legit?How do I make my penis longer? ; How can the penis be enlarged?What is Ontario's motto and its significance, how does it compare to California's? ; What is Ontario's motto and its significance, how does it compare to Alaska's?Why Mn+7 is colourless? ; What are some of the most commonly asked questions in general knowledge quizzes?On what sites can I watch movies with English subtitles for free? ; I want to watch movies in German with subtitles in English. Where can I find them?What are the biggest misconceptions about sex? ; What are the common misconceptions about masturbation?What are the side effects of eating junk food (like Lays, Kurkure, etc.) regularly? ; Is it okay to eat junk food once in a while?If an instagram account is temporarily disabled, how long before its deleted? ; What is the time limit to temporarily deactivate Instagram account?What are the differences between sheep, lamb, goat, ram and mutton? ; Why is lamb more popular than mutton in the UK when it is clearly the inferior meat? If it's to do with cost-effectiveness how come other countries don't suffer the same problem?How do I get my ex back? ; How do I get my ex boyfriend back?What are the best and worst after effects of bank note withdrawal in India? ; What are positive and negative effects of demonetization?Why do people resort to bullying? ; Why do people bully others?Which is the best way to control anger? ; How can someone control their anger?How do I reset my email password? ; How do I reset a Gmail password by email?How can I find my deleted contact's? ; How do you delete a contact on Outlook?What was there before the Universe? ; What was there before universe was born?Which is the best online website for learning guitar? ; Which is the best online site for learning to play the guitar?How is the father of earth? ; Is it bad to feel embarrassed by my father?What are the rules in the "bro code"? ; What are the top 20 "bro code rules" according to you?Why did you stop writing your blog for a long time? ; Why did you stop writing at blog?Can anxiety be the reason for causing yellow stool? ; What could causes blood in the stool of a dog and diarrhea? How is it treated?Are there differences in the targeting/types of proteins translated in the cytosol and those transcribed in the rough/smooth endoplasmic reticulum? ; How do the smooth and rough endoplasmic reticulums differ?What is going to be the fate of Indian economy if Indians stop buying Chinese product and the whole trade between India and China comes to an end? ; What will be the effect in the economy of China if Indians boycott all the Chinese products?What is living in Libya like for now? ; What is it like to live in Libya?How can I use my gift for explaining things to others? ; What does Denmark's economy depend on?What is the difference between first and third-party cookies? ; Why do people think of third-party cookies as evil?What is the definition of 'levity' and how is it used in a sentence? ; What is the definition of 'scrawny' and how is it used in a sentence?What are the grants by govt of India for startups in India? ; How does the govt of india work?What incident restored your faith in Humanity? ; What experience has most restored your faith in humanity?Are gluons just a really large number (an ocean) of photons absorbed by and part of all nuclei? ; I am eating 8 full eggs per day. Is it okay or does it lead to anything dangerous? Pleasw help me guysMy ex-girlfriend is in my class and I am unable to face her. I feel emotionally tortured because I still have the same love for her. How do I face her? She hates me and I still love her? ; My ex-girlfriend is in my class and I am unable to face her. I feel emotionally tortured because I still have the same love for her. How do I face her?How you make money? ; What is the best way make extra money?What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Guam for the first time? ; What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in France for the first time?Is Snapchat purposefully leaking false acquisition rumors in order to raise funds at a high valuation? ; How can I create and host an Our Story / Live Story event within Snapchat? Who can I contact at Snapchat to start a Live Story?Why do I always feel alone? ; Why do I feel alone sometimes?How will Trump’s presidency affect international students in the US? ; How might Trump affect the status of foreign students at top universities in the US?What are the time slots available in CAT 2016? ; What are the time slots of CAT 2016 exam?I am a 15 year old girl and I have really heavy cellulite on my butt and thighs, does anybody know how to get rid of it? ; I am in good shape but have a trouble spot of cellulite right under my glutes at the top of my thighs, how can I get rid of this?I changed my sim card but use the same phone. Will the new Viber account from my latest sim card overwrite my previous Viber accounts data? Can I recover it using a third party app? ; How can I use my old phone number in Viber if it still asks for confirmation using my new number?Should the major parties require the presidential nominees to agree to release their tax returns? ; Should Presidential candidates be required to release their tax returns?I have completed electrical and electronics engineering, I want to do MS in MIS, so what job should I do within these six months? ; Where was Von Arnim's 3rd Battalion during the battle of Jena and Auerstedt?How would the world be different if the Roman Empire never fell? ; What if the Roman Empire Never Fell?I want to kill myself, my life has no meaning, what should I do? ; I'm 40, I hate my life. I want to end my misery but I can't. Why can't I kill myself?How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I don't have the same number and don't remember the recovery email? ; How do I reset my gmail password when they are not highlighting my recovery email option?Why do I feel anxious? ; Living Yogic Life: Why do some people feel anxious all the time?How does hypnosis work or may help? ; Does hypnosis work?How come I can't feel any connection with anyone In my life? ; Life Advice: My (now ex) boyfriend cheated on me with someone I am related to and I feel so foolish and humiliated, how can I cope with this in a healthy way and not blame myself?What is the process for electronic recycling at Walmart? What does the Walmart return sticker look like? ; Why Salman Khan is not richer than Shah Rukh Khan?What does it mean if you think about someone everyday? ; What does it mean to think the world of someone?I am grumpy nowadays when I wake up. I lose my temper lot faster. Is there any explanation? Any work around suggestions would help. ; Why did Soekarno say this?Why do babies cry soon after they are delivered? What is the scientific reason behind it? ; What is the reason behind delayed first cry of a just born baby?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in São Tomé and Príncipe? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Jamaica?What is Shah Rukh Khan doing now? ; What is your review of Shahrukh Khan (actor)?Which citizenship is the easiest to obtain and how? ; What is the easiest citizenship to obtain and how?What is the best civilization in Age of Empires III? ; How can I defeat the French in Age of Empires 3?China is planning to introduce a policy called "One belt, One Road". Can we call this is a new silk route? How will this policy affect neighboring countries? Will this move help in improving international relations of China with Japan? ; How do you think of the strategy "One belt, one road " advocated by China? What will it bring to the countries along the line?What are the best ways to improve my writing skills in English? ; How can I improve my English writing skills?What are the best technology for mobile phones? ; What is the best app for a mobile phone?Why doesn’t the Chinese president Xi attend the funeral of Shimon Peres and Mandela? ; How competitive is the hiring process at Flotek Industries?What are some noteworthy things that happened to you in the course of being a promiscuous man? ; What are some noteworthy things that happened to you in the course of being a promiscuous woman?What does agape mean? ; What is agape (love)?Is there a astronomical model that would generate the very long seasons found in Westeros/Essos? ; In Game of Thrones, winter and summer can last for years and vary in length. What solar/planetary configuration could possibly produce such dramatic seasons?Why was Jayalalitha buried but not cremated as per Hindu tradition? ; Why was Jayalalitha buried and not cremated?How do I get rid of acne on my face? I workout daily and wash my face twice a day. ; How can I get rid of acne and scars?How do I last longer in sex? ; I am a 20 year old male. How can I last longer during sex?How much are protein shakes helpful for weight loss? ; How do protein shakes help me lose weight?Can a muslim man date a foreign girl? ; Can male muslim date a foreign girl?I am having 99 fever daily and sometimes I get headaches. What should I do about this problem and is getting 99.5 fever daily bad? ; Why did I get a fever?Daniel Ek: When is Spotify coming to india? ; Why doesn't Spotify work in India?Why does my phone hang up itself? ; How can I speed up my records on my phone?What happens when 0 Gb Disk space is reached ? ; Is there a Pokemon Fan game or Romhack set during the war?What are some sentence examples using "contemporary"? ; What are some sentence examples using "into"?What are some examples of antitrust laws? ; What are some examples of common law?Can you change your team on Pokemon Go? ; Can you change the team in Pokémon GO?What are your 5 favorite poems? ; What's your favorite poem?How can I lose weight safely? ; How do i lose weight?What is the difference between a premier and authentic NHL jersey? ; What is the difference between the FA Cup and the Capital One Cup?What is coplanar force? ; Is net force an actual force?When was the last year that America was great according to the Trump campaign? ; When was the last time America was great according to Trump's “Make America Great Again” slogan?What is the best beginner friendly book on python? ; What is the best beginner's book on Python?What exercise should be done to reduce belly fats? ; What are the most effective exercises to reduce belly fat?What is the difference between 0^0 and 0^1? ; What is the difference between 0/0 and 1/0?How can I transfer my ICICI credit card balance amount to my ICICI bank account? Will they charge me for this transfer? ; What would you recommend to someone who has really high goals but laughingly inadequate actions along with very low threshold of satisfaction?What is wrong with my hand? ; What's wrong with my hands?What are some good tips for self study? ; What are some tips for self study?How is the density of aluminum measured? What is its value in grams per cubic centimeter? ; If someone is more good at programming then does that mean I am not good programmer?Why Suzlon share failing after good results? ; Is it good to buy Asian Paint shares at CMP?What is Impulsiveness? ; What is impulse?Can I ask the HR if I can re-apply for the same position in the company for which I had been interviewed before? ; How long might one wait to hear something after applying for an academic position in the US?Why do ISIS fighters cover their faces? ; Why do Islamist terrorists cover their faces?How do I save pictures from shareit history even the pictures are not there in gallery? ; Pictures transferred from shareit having storage location in sd card does not appear in gallery?  Which is more common among people, tolerance or patience? ; Geographical location land use constraint?What is your review of Presence of Mind? ; What is presence of mind?What are necessities of president post in India, is it just to copy British system? ; Can anyone help me with reading of my palm?How can we check whether a number is prime or not? ; What's the best algorithm to check if a number is prime?I changed my name, but the person did a mistake. My new name is what I wanted but my old one in the form is incorrect. So is my name changed or not? ; In the U.S., is it okay for me to tell my Chinese coworker that lip-smicker-smackering and slurping are considered rude?Does the female body undergo changes after losing virginity? If not, why would people think it does? ; What might be the reasons why people sometimes believe a woman's body changes after she loses her virginity?Is world war 3 likely? ; How soon is world war III?What is cognitive behavior therapy training? ; What is cognitive behavior therapy?How do I learn c language efficiently online? ; How can I learn C++ language efficiently?What does it feel like to live in a high-rise building with floor to ceiling windows that go from wall to wall? ; Who owns the high rise buildings in newyork? how to invest money into high rise buildings?How can I become comfortable being alone? ; How do you become comfortable being alone?What do you think of Vladimir Putin? ; What does Vladimir Putin think of NATO?What are best job portals in india? ; What are the best job portals for freshers in India?What is the fishing industry like in Barbados, how does it compare to the fishing industry in Honduras? ; What is the fishing industry like in Barbados, how does it compare to the fishing industry in other countries?Can Gary Johnson win? ; What would be required for Gary Johnson to win?Why does salt melt ice? ; How does salt melt ice and snow so quickly?If 15G form submitted then interest earn will be taxable or not? ; Is the money we are earning online with AdSense, Affiliates and payment through Paypal taxable or not? Should I pay tax on this income as normal?I need a international driving licence without visa? What should I do now… ; What licence do I need to fly a small size UAV around a city streets?How do you personally know that someone doesn't like you? ; How do you know the girl you like doesn't like you?Is it possible that Donald Trump has a mental problem? ; Is Donald Trump mentally ill?How can an adult male increase his height after 22? ; How do I increase our height after 21?How exactly are the ICSE 2016 papers going to be corrected ? ; How do I get a 100 in icse 2016 geography?What workout clothes did guys wear in the year 1990? ; What workout clothes did guys wear in the summer back in the year 1990?What side business can make you $500-$1000/week? ; What side business can make you $1000-$2000 a week?How can I overcome my fear of diseases? ; What should I do to overcome this fear?Why is the Zabbix server not running? How can I fix it? ; Why is my proxy server is refusing connections? How do I fix this?Why can I upvote this Quora question? ; Why am I not allowed to answer some questions on Quora?How would life on earth be different if we had two moons? ; What would life be like on earth if we had two moons?A photon leaves the sun, hits a leaf, hits my retina. Is the photon that hit my retina exactly the same photon from the Sun? ; What happens when a photon hits the boundary of the universe?What are the requirements of modulation? ; What is the requirement of modulation?What is the relationship between E(1/x) and 1/E(x)? ; What is the relationship between e and π?Why can't India ban the import of Chinese products in India? ; Should India ban all Chinese goods or anything which is made in China?What is knowledge management? ; What is professional knowledge management?What is the architecture, context, and identity of Chaura Rasta, Jaipur? ; What is pan-Chinese identity?How do I become mentally stronger? ; How do I be mentally strong?What books should I study and practice to crack NEET 2017? ; What are the books that I need to study to crack NEET 2017?What are the best resources for learning Ecuadorian Sign Language? ; What are the best resources for learning Uruguayan Sign Language?What if American politicians all became non- christians? For ex. Buddhists or Hindus ; Is it true that all Buddhists/Hindus are ascetic mystics or do there exist mundane/materialist adherents?How do I raise a fund for a startup IT company? ; What are the best ways to raise funds for a startup?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at VCA Antech? ; How can i use dslr camera in microscopic photography?Is there a country in this world that doesn't have a national anthem or national song? If so, which ones? ; What are the best national anthems?What are the benefits of public speaking? ; What is the most interesting topic to do a class presentation on?What happens if you run from the police in a car and get away? ; How can I stay on the run from police?How do I find angel investors? ; Where can I find and pitch angel investors?How do I influence my crush? ; How do I begin to talk to my crush?Candidate status in Accenture Portal is showing "Status Not Available" what does it means? ; What does Candidate Currently Unavailable status mean in accenture portal?Where can I get cigarettes post midnight in mumbai? ; How do I get rid of dark (black) lips due to smoking cigarettes?Are race relations better or worse under President Obama? ; Have race relations improved or gotten worse during the past 8 years?What are some examples of marine biotic factors? ; What are examples of biotic and abiotic components?Which physical traits are women truly and honestly most attracted to? ; What are the most attractive physical traits of a man, according to Indian women?What kind of evidence has been found on Mars that would suggest the existence of extraterrestrial life? ; Is there any proof or evidence of alien / extraterrestrial life existence?What makes a happy teenager? ; What makes you happy?Does coffee stop or interfere with sleeping? ; Coffee can interfere with sleep at night?How do I to meditate? ; How can i meditate?What is your view/opinion about Brexit? ; What is your opinion on brexit?When a police officer pulls you over and you drive into your own driveway, what will the police do? ; Can a police officer demand payment when they pull you over?I have been having pain in the right testicle for the past few days. It started randomly at night while sleeping. What could be the reason? ; I would like to learn provincial energy prices of Mexico. Anybody can direct me somewhere?How do I upgrade the Intex Aqua Power to Lolipop? ; The volume down+power key is not working in my mobile Intex Aqua Speed. What should I do?Why are books better than television? ; Are movies better than books?How can I get rid of pimples all over my face? ; What is the best way to get rid of acne?What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog? ; How can I increase traffic very soon on my blog?Can u get pregnant the day after your period ends? ; Can I get pregnant 3 days after period if I bled for not even a full 3 days?How can some people write such long question details on Quora, while I have word limitations? ; How do I get to use more than 300 characters when asking questions on Quora?If you had a box of chocolates containing 5 grams of every known element, how many could you eat before dying and what would be the cause of death? ; If I went to space and had an empty box/container and went outside to fill that box with space, what would be inside the box?How can I increase my Snapchat score instantly? ; Is Snapchat dead?Tinder - how do I delete my interests? ; Are the 'interests' on the Tinder app only displayed when there is a common interest?How can I learn better in school/ How can I get better grades in school? ; How can you get the best grades at school?What were Fidel Castro's accomplishments? ; Who is Fidel Castro?What are some medications similar to antibiotics that you can purchase over the counter and without a prescription? ; Are there any antibiotics that can be purchased over the counter?Can you please let me know the password of your email-id? I need it for checking some things. INTERVIEW ANSWER TO THIS QUESTION ; Can you please let me know the password of your email-id? I need it for checking some things.How does packet switched network differs from circuit switched network? ; How does packet switched network differ from circuit switched network?How can I meet Modi? ; How can I meet PM modi?Can anyone apply to Google? ; How do I have to apply to work at Google?Can I get into M.tech program through UPSEE? ; Can I get admission in M.tech program through UPSEE?How beautiful will be the world if money won't exists (I mean you get everything you want for free)? ; What are ways to be less violent?How can I be the top 1% of the world? ; What are 10 life lessons that you have learned in your life?What is the purpose of the Apple logo sticker that comes with Mac products? ; Why do people like Apple products?When did social media for health care start and what was the first site? ; Can Pharma Develop Mobile Apps Likely to be useful in Engaging Doctors?How do I make money starting a blog? ; How do I make money from blog?If we evolved from apes then why are there still apes around today? ; If we have evolved from ages then why are apes around us?How do I become an ambassador? ; How would one become an ambassador?What is the reliable broker for trading binary option with instant demo? ; Is there a platform or broker that provides automatic binary options trading?Why doesn't the elite decide peacefully about power sharing for 10 years each and stop the whole BS of elections and politics? ; What do Americans think about the two year long political drama that transpires before the POTUS is decided in the Presidential elections?What are the different ways to rank keyword through Facebook? ; What are the different ways to rank a keyword through Facebook?What makes me smarter than other people? ; What makes people smarter than the others?What is bio organics? ; What is a bio?Can mechatronics engineer work in Marine engineering? ; What is the difference between mechatronics engineering and control engineering?Is it feasible to build a wall between the US and Mexico as Donald Trump claims he would do? ; Is the US really going to copy the Chinese Great Wall to build a wall between the US and Mexico? And would it become a tourist attraction site?How do I start a random conversation with a girl I don't know? ; How do I start a conversation with a girl I don't know?What is the difference between faith and belief? ; What is difference between faith and belief?What are the best books for cat section wise? ; What are the section-wise best books to prepare for CAT?Can you die from a lack of sleep? ; Can someone die from lack of sleep?What do you think about the Bajaj Dominar 400? ; When will Bajaj Avenger 400 launched?What is the significance of pi (3.14159265359)? ; What is the significance of the numbers in Pi?How can I earn Rs.100 per day? ; How can i earn Rs. 500 to Rs. 1000 in a day from online surveys?Are there any problems with the Samsung Galaxy S7? ; Was Samsung Galaxy S7 a hit?What is the best Mature Linux distro for beginners to advanced users? ; What's the best Linux operating System distro for beginners?How do I stop overanalyzing everything, including my feelings? ; How can I stop overthinking or overanalyzing on things?What are electron configurations? ; What is the electron configuration of oxygen?Where can I get free ebooks? ; Where can I get free ebooks for my website?What existed before space and time? ; What existed before the beginning of the time?Light needs a medium to travel, so how does sunlight come from space? ; For a minute if we suppose that there is an atmosphere in space . As sound need medium to travel. What we will be hearing in empty space?Is there any commerce-field related internship in ONGC? ; Are there any opportunities like internship in chemical engineering field for first year student in India?Is it bad to rev your engine in park? ; Is it bad to rev your engine while you are in park?Is it possible to get pregnant if a couple is trying just 4 days before her menstrual cycle? ; Can you get pregnant 8 days before your period?What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Canada's? ; What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Brazil's?What can I do after my MBBs? ; What do i do after my MBBS ?Why are there so many Anti-Semitic questions on Quora? ; Why are there so many anti-Israel/Jewish questions on Quora?What is mass of the sun? ; What is the mass of our sun?How can I prepare for UPSC? ; How can I prepare for UPSC CSE?How do you start your own FM radio station, and how much would it cost? ; What are all the equipments that I would need to start a radio station of my own?Where exactly is the house in Days of Heaven located? ; Star Wars: What exactly is Yoda?How can I meet to Cristiano Ronaldo? ; How did Cristiano Ronaldo learn to run so fast?Every country send their own satellites, who monitors their orbitals are not overlapping? ; Graduate degree in CS from New Mexico Highlands University. Worth it?Which is the best book for studying engineering mechanics (dynamics)? ; Which book is the best for study of Engineering Economics?What do you mean by perfection? ; What does perfect actually mean?Why are Unreal Engine 4 and Unity 5 now free? ; Unity (Game Engine): When will Unity3D 4.3 release?What does a woman mean when she says she loves you but wants no relationships at all she needs time to herself? ; I want to tell a woman that I love her. But she says that she is engaged. What should I do now?What's the average conversion rate for online retail store traffic? ; What is the average conversion rate of e-commerce sites?Is inter-caste marriage with minority Brahmins prevalent in South India? ; What are the contributions of Brahmins to Indian society?What is the best natural remedy for cough and cold? ; What are the best natural remedies for cold symptoms?Which is best gadget? ; Which is your best gadget?Who will be the future captain of the Indian Cricket Team after MSD? ; Do you think MS Dhoni is the best captain?Why did Apple choose nine minutes as the default time delay for the snooze button? ; How can I change the snooze time on the iPhone 4?Does Sheldon, Penny, Leonard and Howard know about the 'caste' of Rajesh Koothrapalli? ; How many times has Raj Koothrappali been left alone in the living room of Leonard and Sheldon's apartment?What psychoanalytic ideas are used in advertising, marketing and communications today? ; Are subliminal messages really used in advertising today?What is the sense of life? ; What do you think is the ultimate meaning of life?How can you own an owl? What are the steps? ; Do owls hoot at sunrise and sunset?What will happen if two black holes collide? ; What happened to the event horizons of the two black holes that merged sendig to us gravitational waves?Where does dreams come from? ; Where do dreams come from?I'm a dentist practicing for the last 14 years and want to change my profession. What are the possibilities? ; I'm in my last year of dentistry, but I don't want to be a dentist. What should I do to work in some field of pharmacy?What are the things that make Indians happy and proud? ; What are the few things that make Indians happy?How can one become a professional singer? ; How can I become a singer?What is the starting salary of a sound engineer in india? ; What is the basic starting salary of an engineer in Telecom Domain in India?How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy? ; How will discontinuing ₹500 and ₹1000 notes affect India's economy?Why should people be kind? ; Why should we be more kind?How do small company grow into a big company? ; How can a small company grow big?What is the best way to deal with someone who always tries to one up you? ; How can I be happy if I don't have any reason to be?How can I become a billionaire in mindset? ; How can I become a billionaire (in finance)?Which is the best DTH service provider in India? Tata Sky, DishTv or Airtel? ; Airtel Dish TV or Tata Sky - which one should I choose?How do I fit into a friend group? ; Does god listen our requests?What is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat? ; How can I reduce my Belly and tummy fat?How to create 3d animations? ; What are the most effective 3D animation softwares to use?How do I know if I was abused? ; How can I know if I have been emotionally abused?I want to learn Java but not only syntax but also want to learn how to crack complex problems from where should I take coaching of it in Delhi? ; I learned Python and now I want to learn an OOP language. Should I learn Java or C++?What is the best programming language I should start learning? ; What are good programming language to start with before I advance?Why are most Quora answers so long? ; Why do Quora users write very long answers to most of the questions? Is it not a skill to give answer very precisely and shortly?Is it wrong to date a 25 years old guy while I'm 21? ; How creepy is it for a 25 year old guy to date a 18-20 year old girl?What is the quickest way to get meth out your system? ; Do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system?What is it like to live in the San Francisco Tenderloin? ; What is it like to live in San Francisco?Why is nobody answering my questions in Quora? ; Why are my questions not answered on Quora?What are the best aspects of living in Huánuco, Peru as a young adult? ; What are the best aspects of living in Arequipa, Peru as a young adult?What classes should I take if I want to become a data scientist? ; What classes should I take at Princeton if I want to become a data scientist?Should I begin learning the cello? ; What does test statistic mean for hypothesis testing?How does it feel to be unemployed after getting an engineering degree? ; How is the life of a jobless student after the completion of their engineering degree?What does "naive" mean? ; Is idealism naive?How is a convict hanged to death? ; How did Sirius Black get convicted to be a Death Eater, even though he doesn't have the Dark Mark?Among SC, ST, NC and OBC which is the lowest caste? ; Is the 'Tili' caste in West Bengal SC/ST/OBC?Is there an app that can be used to create customized surveys for a WhatsApp group? ; Which software was used to create WhatsApp?Who is Bernard Dadie? ; What is Bernard Dadie known for?How do I view protected tweets without following the person on Twitter? ; How do I block a certain followers in Twitter to see my tweets?Does green tea really reduces weight? ; What are the ways to drink green tea for weight loss?What are the basic components in a salary statement? How do I calculate income tax on it? ; How do I calculate tax on variable component of CTC when its disbursed in next AY?How can I learn to play the piano/synthesizer? ; Is there a way I could learn to play the piano?Was Nandani the real wife of Chandragupta Maurya? ; Is Justin the son of Chandragupta Maurya?Is Donald Trump the 666 Antichrist? ; Could Donald Trump be the Antichrist?How can I own a business inside USA while being a non-US citizen(residing outside US), how can I pay my taxes? ; What is the best gamepad (controller) to use on Apple Mac laptops?What are the difficulties people face while learning programming? ; What difficulties did you encounter when learning how to program?What are some symptoms of eccentric and concentric contractions? ; How do concentric and eccentric contraction compare and contrast?Why can't mathematics be falsified while physics is falsifiable? ; What is falsifiability?Is Swami Vivekananda Chicago speech overjoyed? ; Is Swami Vivekananda's speech at parliament of world's religions, Chicago overrated?How do you get cash without earning it, legally? ; How do you get money without earning it?Can you pay for an Amazon gift card with Paypal? ; Can you use a PayPal business account to pay for online services such as Amazon?What is the molecular orbital? ; What is molecular orbital?What is nuclear fission and nuclear fusion? ; What is the difference between nuclear fusion and nuclear fission?How do I stop caring about what people think about me? ; How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?I have an oldsmobile tornado 1984, how much would it take to make it really customized and whatnot? ; Having 5 years of sales experience, how will be the interview question?Which are the best universities in the USA for doing a MS in Computer Science? ; Which are the best and cheapest universities in the USA for doing an MS in computer science?How can we have a Direct Democracy system? ; How has direct democracy evolved?Are Muslims the only ones who still practice stoning for adultery in the 21st century? ; How is the Bible still relevant in the 21st century?Why do people drive slow in the fast lane? ; Why do people on Bay Area highways drive so slowly in the left lane?Why has college become so expensive? ; Why have pine nuts become so expensive recently?Reservation should be abolished? ; Should reservation be removed from India?What are 2016 house construction ideas and construction techniques for an Indian house? ; What are the best brick house construction techniques, must-haves and advancements for an Indian house in 2016?What do should I do when it is too late to go to the shops and I find that I've run out of contact lens solution and I do need to wear my contacts the next day? ; How does the power of one month contact lens wear off exactly after a month?How difficult is it for the average person to become a computer programmer? ; How do I become great programmer?Is Shell gas good? Why or why not? ; Why is Shell gas better?How can I be a good chemical engineer? ; How good is chemical engineering?Did you dislike Harry Potter and the Cursed Child too, or was it just me? ; What's your review on harry potter and the cursed child?What are the merits and demerits of GST implementation in INDIA? ; What is the merits and Demerits of GST in India?How can I activate a Verizon phone with a call? ; How do you activate a Verizon phone over the phone?How do you go about producing and selling an item to Costco? ; Is the Titan X (pascal) good for gaming?My family doesn't respect my contribution to chores, office work. They talk disrespectfully & get verbally aggressive. What to do.? ; Is there is any personaly library on fb?What exactly are in-phase and out-of-phase in terms of waves? ; What is phase in waves?What is the power of a dream? ; What is the power of dreams?How does it feel to know you're going to die in few months? ; How does it feel when you know you're going to die in few days?What conditions cause you to refrain from filling out online registration forms at sites? ; Why do patients have to fill out the registration forms when they don't know how to answer the questions?Which is best smartphone under rs4000? ; Which is the best smartphone to buy now?What are ways of joining to ISRO as engineer other than fresher or graduate trainee? ; What is a way to get admitted to ISRO?Did Trump really rape a 13 year old girl? ; Did Donald Trump really rape a 13 year old girl?How has Japanese culture become so influential? ; I got offer of SAR 15500 Per month in KSA, how much I will save with family of 2 member here?What are the best book stores in Chennai? ; What stores give cash back on debit cards?What should I do to reduce weight? ; What should you do if you want to lose a lot of weight?Am I a good looking girl or not? Will anyone like me ever or not? ; What is the IoT and how does it work?What advances/insights has computational neuroscience yeilded so far? ; What is it like to work in computational neuroscience?How do I solve [math]\frac{1}{4} x  + x = - 3 + \frac{1}{2} x[/math]? ; How can I solve [math]\frac 1 x + \frac{2x}{x+3} = 2[/math]?What is this CH3 and H3C? ; Where does the lone pair come in CH3?How do I find interesting topics in Quora to reply to? ; How do I find interesting topics to follow on Quora?Was Carmex lip balm made to be addicting? ; Lip Balm: Is Carmex addictive?When renting a car, what is the difference between a compact and economy car? ; What's the difference between an economy car and a compact car?What do the movements of an orchestra conductor signify? ; How does a conductor use his/her hands to instruct an orchestra?Which microcontrollers are generally used in the robotics industry? ; What microcontroller is most used in robotics and engineering?What is it that makes you proud of being a Brazilian and what doesn’t? ; What makes you proud to be Brazilian?What are some facts you know about animals? ; What are some interesting things about animals?How do I sleep less but not feel tired? ; How does one sleep Less but not feel tired?Where should I promote my blog? ; Can I promote my blog here?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Boulder Brands? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Lifetime Brands?What's the meaning of euthenesia? ; What is the meaning of meaning?What is the best reply to "thank you" in formal and casual situations? ; When I say "I miss you" to a guy, usually, he replies: "Thank you" only. What does that mean?How do I update the firmware of U8 smartwatch? ; What will be the best Smartwatch? What is it now?Is it rude to find the email for a hiring manager and contact them directly? ; Statistically speaking, is sending a group of resumes directly to hiring managers at different companies an effective strategy?What is the ground reality of Aam Aadmi Party in goa and gujarat? ; What is the ground reality of Aam Aadmi Party in gujarat?How likely is it for a white girl to date an Indian guy? ; What are some good ways for an Indian guy to attract and date a white girl?What should I do if a dog eats chocolate? ; Is it safe for dogs to eat chocolate? If not, what can you do if your dog accidentally eats some?Are clowns creepy? ; Why do clowns/jokers look so creepy?What's the difference between opium and heroin? ; What does it feel like to eat opium? How does it affect you physically?What is Walmart's return policy for lingerie? ; What is Amazon's return policy on silver bar?Which are some of the best romantic movies? ; Which is the best romantic movie?Is CA really tough? ; Is Ca tough?Why did refugees die while crossing the Mediterranean sea? ; Why were there 3 security officers on the EgyptAir 804 plane which crashed in the Mediterranean Sea?Will the F-35 be more advanced than the F-22 Raptor? ; How does the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II compare to the F-22 Raptor?What is a homosexual? ; Can I hate homosexuality but not homosexuals?What are the differences between SQL and dtsearch? ; What's the difference between SQL and MySQL?What does "contributing to open source projects" mean? ; What does contributing to open source actually mean?What rank do most Army officers retire as? ; Why did Major Gaurav Arya retire from the army?What is the corporate culture like at Catalyst Pharmaceuticals? How is the culture different than other companies? ; What is the corporate culture like at Infinity Pharmaceuticals? How is the culture different than other companies?What are some tricks to buy items quickly during an open flash sale from online shopping sites like Flipkart, Snapdeal, etc.? ; FDI in Retail in India: How E-Commerce websites like flipkart, Myntra, Jabong, Snapdeal, Shimply earn as they sell other companies products? Do they buy products directly from the company or other shops?Why is sodium hydroxide a strong alkali? ; How is sodium hydroxide produced?What is your favorite eye color? ; What's your favorite eye color? Why?Does the moon revolve around the sun? ; Why does the moon revolve around the sun?Where is the zika virus? ; How harmful is zika virus?Is there any way to play uncharted 4 on pc? ; Will Uncharted 4 be released for the XBox One, Xbox 360 or PC?What is the best certification course to learn digital marketing? ; Which are the best online courses on digital marketing in India?Do I need to get a SSN card If I know my Social Security Number? ; Do I need to get an SSN card if I know my Social Security number?How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money? ; How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?Of the five schools of management thought, which two most nearly reflect your personal day to day management style? Do you think you will likely change your management style in the future? Why or why not? ; What are the best ways to get a hotel upgrade in a luxury hotel?Is it okay to use masking tape on a painted wall while sticking up posters? If not, should I use regular scotch tape? ; What is Washi Tape?What was the main significance of the Mexican American War? What were the main causes and the main consequences? ; What were the main causes of the Spanish American War?Why does life exist at all? Is there a purpose to existence? Or are we just made of atoms without any purpose? ; If God does not exist, what purpose do we have? What is the point of living?What is the difference between ج and ز? ; What is the difference between == and ===?How can I prove that (A × B) − (C × D) = (A − C) × B ∪ A × (B − D)? ; How can I prove (A × B) − (C × D) = (A − C) × B ∪ A × (B − D)?Do you know of any reliable anti-virus for Linux Mint 18? ; What is the best free anti-virus for a Linux OS?How can one become a wildlife photographer? ; How do I become a wildlife photographer?Are there any testosterone boosters that work? ; Are there any effective testosterone boosters?How can I climb Mt. Everest? ; Why is it so expensive to climb Mt Everest?How can I log in Facebook without password? ; I forgot my Facebook email and password how can I log in?What was it like to go from being very poor to becoming very rich over night ; What is it like to rapidly go from being poor/middle class to incredibly rich?What should I do for the science fair? ; What is ddr3 (ram) and how is it different from a normal ram?How do I boot in safety mode from uefi and secure boot on in.windows 8_8.1? ; I want to register a trademark for online business related to handicrafts. Under which class do I have to register it?Which are the famous caves in Chhattisgarh? ; Which is the most famous cave in Chhattisgarh?Is tea better for you than coffee? ; Would you like tea or coffee?Where can I found long-lasting fire shutters in Sydney? ; Where can I found completely fire resistant and intrusion resistant shutters in Sydney?What are some colors that go well with navy blue? ; What will go well with women's blue pants?What are the disadvantages of using parallel space on phone battery? ; Do cell phones emit more radiation while low on battery? Why or why not?Is it important to have love in life? ; What is the importance of love in my life?Why do people say "God bless you"? ; Why do we say god bless you when we sneeze?Can someone join iit after bsc? ; What Trump policies should Clinton adopt?Which team will Win the Premier League this season 2016–17? ; Who will win the premier League 2016-17?What skills should I learn before searching a software developer job in Java or Web Development? ; I finished learning Java SE, HTML, and now want to learn Java web development. What else do I need to learn before learning Java web?What are the exemptions from income tax? ; Who are exempted from income tax?What are some good auto biographies? ; What are some good (auto)biographies of prisoners?What are 10 examples of prefixes? How are they used and what are some examples? ; What are some sentence examples using "till"?What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from the on in the Egyptian shield? ; What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from other geologic shields?What are the worst companies that you have ever worked? ; What is the worst company you have ever worked for?Can we use olive cooking oil for hair growth? ; What is the best cooking oil for hair?How can I improve my coding skills (python)? ; How do I improve my python coding skills?Does wikileaks even post their own content? ; Do adult content companies have their own software engineering team?How can I relieve the symptoms of a sucking chest wound? ; What are the symptoms of a sucking chest wound?Do invisible aliens exist? ; Is there any proof or evidence of alien / extraterrestrial life existence?What effects do Humans have on the water cycle? ; What are some human effects on the water cycle?What is Fibonacci? ; What is the Fibonacci formula?Can you become an architect without having a degree? ; How do I become a perfect architect?Do you guys think that a building can boost the economy of country? ; How do I convert Android mobile into Bluetooth headset?Why does it feel good when I have a nosebleed? ; Why do I get nosebleeds twice a week especially when sleeping?How do I learn deep learning? ; How do I learn deep learning in 1 month?Can I upgrade my phone Microsoft 535 from windows 8.1 to windows 10? ; Do I possibly have depression?How accurate is Lawless? ; How accurate is a 6mm Remington?Do introverts enjoy their life? ; How do introverts enjoy life?What programming language do I have to learn in order to start coding an app like Instagram or WhatsApp? ; Which is the best programming language to learn for hacking? What are some books for beginners?Do students from SPIPA Regional Centres (not Ahmedabad) get selected in UPSC CSE? ; How can I keep myself motivated while preparing for the GATE 2017?What are the most interesting questions and answers on Quora? ; What are some of the best questions/answers ever seen on Quora?What are fictional characters? ; What makes a great fiction character?How do our thoughts control our feelings? ; Who controls our feelings?What's the meaning of the "Triune God"? ; What's the meaning of the Trinity?What is a sickle cell anemia and what are its symptoms? ; Can a sickle cell anemia be cured?What is activated complex? ; What is organized complexity?What is most embrassing moment of your life? ; What are the most embarassing moment in life?What is the potassium ion concentration theory for stomata? ; Is potassium chloride ionic or covalent?What is Travis Kalanick like on investor conference calls? ; What ethnicity is Travis Kalanick?Tennis: What is it called when you win a game from 40-0? ; In tennis, why isn't 30-30 called Deuce? And 40-30 (or 30-40) called Advantage?Why does CIF change when bank account is transferred to another branch? ; How can I transfer money from an SBI account to another bank account using a debit card?Why should i believe in astrology? ; Do you believe in horoscopes?If soap drops on the floor does that make the soap dirty or the floor clean? ; What makes a good goat milk soap?How do I delete my account from this site? ; How do I delete Quora Account with all answers and questions also removed?How are the products of Wildhorn brand? Any information regarding the company of the brand? ; What is the easiest way to build a personal brand?What are some of people's best memories about this school? ; What is the alumni of Haddonfield Memorial High School like?How can I increase my patience level? ; How do I increase my patience level?Who is the PM of India? ; What's it like to work at Roper Industries for your first job?What is difference between immortality and eternity? ; What is the difference between eternal and immortal?Is it normal to not cry after hearing your best friend tell you that he’s going to die before graduation? ; My boyfriend randomly leaves to go on car rides. Once, we came back from buying burgers, when he dropped me off at our place, and said he'd be right back. He wasn't home until 2 hrs later, saying he just needed time to clear his head. How do I deal with this random need for alone time?What is the best travel health insurance for my parents (Non-US citizens) who are visiting the States? ; What is the best health insurance I can get for a foreign family visiting the US?From which institute should I learn post production and lightning, sound camera etc for my YouTube channel in Delhi? ; I finished with a BBA and now I'm working in Delhi. I want to do my post graduation. Which course should I opt for and which college?What is the meaning of Tamil word urasanai? ; What does the Tamil word "Kalaabam" mean?How did microworkers.com get initial traction? ; How did Trippy.com get initial traction?Who should be blamed for the poor performance of India in Rio Olympics? ; What are the reason of poor performance of India in Rio 2016 while expectations were too high?Will India win over Pakistan in Kashmir issue? ; Will India win on Kashmir issue.?For the added index.php, user.php, and SQL, what needs to change so that 'location' goes to a session for the user that wants to log in (not Claire)? ; How do I make a user link in PHP?How did you meet your significant other? ; How did you meet your current significant other?How can I get into Harvard IT school? ; How do I get into Harvard?I can see the profile picture updates and the last seen of a person that I blocked. How is this possible? ; Can I still see my blocked contact last seen status on watsapp?What are the advantages of digital electronics over analogue electronics? ; Where can I get digital electronic practical videos?What are the best places to visit on a 3 day trip in and around kerala? ; What are the best places to visit in Kerala?How will the big money clubs in the Premiership react to Leicester City's unlikely title triumph in attempting to win the league next season? ; What are some of the factors off the football field that were significant in Leicester City winning the 2015-2016 English Premier League title?How can I get the Calendar Mac app from automatically sending me email notifications in my preferences? ; How can I stop Quora from sending emails to me everyday? Or how can I change the settings?What are the newest or best gadgets, tools, techniques that help one learn quicker, memorize tons of complex books, sleep less, or be more alert? ; What does non-cooperative game means?What is the best thing about having an elder brother? ; What is it like to have an elder brother?How do I solve this question? ; How do you solve question 8?What are the best chess books? ; Which is the best chess book?What is the best way to decide my career? ; How should I decide on my career?Should I apply concealer or foundation first? ; What should I apply first concealer or foundationsWhat is document cryptography? ; What is cryptography?Is Amazon better than eBay? ; Which is better: Amazon or eBay?What are some ways to make a million dollars in a day, if you already have millions? ; Will it be a problem to seek admission to any university abroad if there is a minor spelling difference that exists between my passport and academic records?How do I share a variable between 2 Java threads? ; Can 2 threads access a global variable without causing a race condition?How do I lose 38 pounds in a year? ; How do I lose 45 pounds the easiest way if I have cravings?Total instantaneous power supplied by a 3 phase A.C supply to a balanced RC load is? ; Population of Houston?What would happen to British empire and its effect on whole Asia if Indian people had succeeded in their Mutiny 1857 to secure independence? ; What would happen if Indian people had succeeded in their Mutiny 1857 to secure independence? How would be our India today?What happened to David dvdasa? ; What is Sagittarius B?I don't think I've ever wanted magic more. what does the sentence mean? ; What does 'couldn't've done' mean?What is the best plugin list for WordPress blog? ; What is the best plugin for quizzes on WordPress?When did the Vikings discover North America? ; Did the Vikings "discover" North America?How may I contribute to the world of open source? ; How do I get involved in open source?Is agnosticism a religion? ; What is religion?Are call girl services a common thing in Japan? ; Why is Japan called the Empire of the Sun?Is there any chance of enquiry from IT Department if housewife deposit Rs 2 lakh in her Jan Dhan account or dormant account with no income? ; How do I find the correct Citigroup routing number for my bank account?Why did the State of Israel systematically apply torture against so many Palestinian and other prisoners in its custody? ; Does Israel use torture?Who is more desirable Deepika Padukone or Priyanka Chopra? ; Who is the better actress between Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone?How many players enter professional baseball each year? ; How many players leave professional baseball each year?How many zeros are in 1 million? ; How many zeros are there in one trillion?How do I know if I am a victim of narcissist abuse? ; How do I know if I'm a narcissist?How do I earn money online in Iraq? ; What is the best way to earn money online?What should I do to be at peace? ; How do I reach destination peace?Where can I find DJ for teenage Birthday party in Sydney? ; Where can I get affordable DJ for Birthday party in Sydney?Why don't some cameras have viewfinders? ; Why do some cameras need viewfinders?What are some of the coolest looking passports from around the world? ; What did Victorian-era passports look like?Can mathematics prove the existence or non-existence of God? ; Can math prove the existence of God?How are international students from Hong Kong going to be affected after Donald Trump becomes president? ; Will foreign students studying in the USA be unwelcomed after Donald Trump is elected as president?Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money? ; Replacing 500 and 1000 notes- how will this move reduce black money?What is the compensation for Partners/Principals at Deloitte Consulting? ; Who owns deloitte consulting?How can we convert a desert into an agricultural land? ; How do I convert agricultural land to non-agricultural land?What is meant by overfitting? ; What is overfitting?How do I gain more weight and at the same time reducing my belly fat? ; How can I lose my belly fat while at the same time increase the muscle mass in my arms and legs?I get stressed out a lot over little things and it's hard for me to overcome this. Is there anything that I could do to be able to control this? ; Why is college stressing me out?What are ways to lose belly fat? ; What is the best exercise for belly fat?I deleted Ubuntu partition in my PC. After rebooting, grub doesnt load and it shows grub rescue<. How can I fix this? ; How can I uninstall Linux (Ubuntu) from a Windows 7 + Linux dual-boot system?What are the biggest pain points for political candidates? ; What are the biggest "pain points" for educators?Leonardo da Vinci: Is Mona Lisa overrated? ; Is the Mona Lisa painting by Leonardo Da Vinci overhyped?Do king snakes bite? How dangerous are they? ; How can I tell if my dog was bitten by a snake? What do snake bites look like?How many people will answer this question? ; How many answers will this question receive?Are there celebrity theorists, inventors or scientists like Einstein, Edison and Newton anymore? ; Who is Nikola Tesla? Is he greater than Einstein or Edison?Which leaf is necessary for green tea? What are different types of green tea? ; Is Technology making people ruder?What are some good Poptropica Shark Tooth Island guides? ; What is Shark Tooth Island in Poptropica?Is 1 to the power infinity =1? ; Why is [math]1^\infty[/math] an indeterminate form?What I can do to be effective students in university? I am a student of English major.? ; What are the subsidies provided by the government for setting up solar power plant in India?Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Turkish classes? ; Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Latin classes?What is the best natural food practice for my 50 days old Labrador puppy? ; What's the best puppy food for my 8 week old dachshund?What are the pros and cons of Myntra/Flipkart mobile app filters UX-wise? ; What are the pros & cons of Myntra and Jabong in India?Are there any supplements out there that actually burn belly fat and lower body fat? ; What can burn body fat? Are natural supplements helpful for losing weight?Could anyone suggest a final year project in Information Systems and Technology? I am stuck and have to finish this Bachelors. ; Could anyone suggest me some good cloud security based projects that can be implemented by a final year student?Dial @@ (1-877-778 -8969) @@ Zoho Customer Service support Number USA? ; My same face in world 7people?What should I do to make an Android app? ; How do I get started with Android application development?What is a way to make money online? ; What are the easiest ways to earn money online?How do I keep myself from getting distracted? ; How do I study well without getting distracted?Which movies or TV shows would you recommend on Netflix? ; What are the best three movies you have seen on Netflix?Which is the best gaming laptop under 40k? ; Which is the best gaming laptop under 40,000 rs?Can we sync audio and video in blender video sequence editor? ; Why does Kerala having highest number of communists?How can I give continuity my hard work to let my passions and interests be proven and seen in reality? ; It seems to me that after 7 years of hard work it has destroyed my life without any gains. Should I give up on my dream?Who is SEO Expert in Delhi? ; How Do I find a Miami SEO Expert?What is projected market share of Unix/Linux 2016 to 2020? ; What brightness level do you have your iPhone 7 Plus on? Any other things you do to save battery on the phone?What is the worst decision one has ever made in life? ; What was the worst decision you have ever made in your life and still regretted it for that?What are some good colleges under SNAP accepting 80 percentile? ; Has anyone on Quora ever done poorly in high school but still been accepted to a good college?What makes women want to have sex with a man? ; What is most sexually arousing to a woman?Why do people say Dhanush (South Indian actor) is ugly? I don't think so.? ; Why do people say Dhanush (South Indian actor) is ugly? I don't think so?What do contemporary philosophers think about Jiddu Krishnamurti and his ideas? ; What do you think of J Krishnamurti?What percentage of people who have gender reassignment surgery live to regret it? ; How does sexual reassignment surgery work?What is the importance of cultural heritage for architects.? ; What is the importance of culture heritage for architects?What the best way(s) to fight boredom? ; What are the best ways to overcome boredom?How do I get over a broken love relationship? ; How does a person get over a broken heart?Is it bad for health to eat eggs every day? ; Is it bad to eat eggs everyday for breakfastDoes Reliance’s Jio 4G network work in Andaman and Nicobar islands, especially in its capital Port Blair? ; Automobile history first car?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Farmington Bank? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Commerce Bank?How do I handle the fear of change? ; How do I handle fear of change?How can I speak English like natives? ; How can improve my English speaking?When will Brian Bi go to graduate school? ; Which grad school is Brian Bi going to?I've been learning piano since I was 12 years old. I'm 18 now and I still suck at piano. I did stop piano for 1-2 years in between, but I still suck at playing it. I have my grade 4 certificate. How am I supposed to play like a pro pianist? ; I've played piano for 11 years and violin for 5 years. If I spend 1 hour a day learning cello, how much can I learn in 2 months?Why am I afraid of roaches? If I see one, I can't do anything and keep thinking about it (and its big family)? ; I have this fear in me that makes me hate talking to people, especially girls. I'm afraid of the instances when I can't think of anything to say and it turns into an awkward moment, to which the conversation subsequently becomes boring. I don't want to be a boring person. How can I fix this?If Japan outlawed inflation, would that get it out of debt? ; If Japan printed a quadrillion yen bill and outlawed inflation, would that get it out of debt?What are the 7 strongest hokages? ; Is there any script that converts code that donot follow linux coding standard to linux coding standard?What are contact details of Michael Stevens of Vsauce? ; From where and how does Michael Stevens of the Youtube Vsauce channel collect so much data to compile into videos?How did you make money fast? ; How can earn money quickly?When will we run out of resources? ; Can we run out of resources?Can I grow shorter? ; Can I get shorter?Why doesn’t anybody answer my questions on Quora? ; Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?What is potential differential and why is it important? ; Why is potential differential important?If the phone logo on FB messenger is grey is that means that my friend is on a call? And when it turn back blue it means that he's done with the call? ; What does the grey phone icon on messenger mean?What is the true meaning of "hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil"? ; What does evil incarnate mean?Sensitive, thoughtful, sexual, Indian guy. Should I stay in this sexless marriage? Lots of detail in answer 1 ; Should I stay in a lovless marriage?Do women like it when men stare at their bra straps? ; Why do women flaunt bra straps?If a women loses attraction for her husband and loses interest in sex, is it permanent, or can the marriage still be saved? ; My husband keeps telling me to lose weight. I was fat before marriage too. If he doesn't like me as I am why did he marry me? Should I lose weight?How do you wear a promise ring? ; What are promise rings? How do you wear them?Which is the best country to do mbbs? ; Which is the best and cheapest country to do mbbs?Should Indonesia get a permanent seat on UN Security Council in the future ? ; Will India become a permanent member of the UN Security Council?What do blood type o positive mean? ; How do you get O blood type? How is blood type O different from other blood types?Which laptop should I buy under 60k? ; Which laptop should I buy under 60000?How is the word 'furtive' used in a sentence? ; How is the word 'prestidigitation' used in a sentence?What are logical fallacies? ; What are five logical fallacies?How can I get cosmic energy purely? ; What is cosmic energy?What are some examples of 'Presence of Mind'? ; What are some of the examples of presence of mind?Should I stop trying? ; When should one stop trying?How do you give yourself a Brazilian wax? ; How much do Brazilian Waxes hurt? Is it worth it?How can I transfer money from an SBI ATM (SBI account) to another bank account? ; Is it possible to transfer funds from one account (say SBI) to another (say HDFC) through ATMs?I have rushed directly to th10 from a max th8. I'm not able to farm and barely get any resources. Any tips on how to fix my base and improve the loot? ; How do I get a good loot in clash of clans?I am an introvert and I look very young although I have 10 years of work experience. Are there any tips to look and act more senior? ; I'm a petite 32-year-old woman who looks very young despite 10 years of work experience. It's a disadvantage in my profession. What are some ways to look/act older and more authoritative?If there will be a war between India and Pakistan who will win? ; Who would win an all out war between Pakistan and India if no other country got involved?How should I study (give me a study plan) for 1st year mbbs? ; How should I study to pass the first Semester of the 1st year of MBBS?What are some best examples of Presence of mind? ; What are some of the examples of presence of mind?Is the Newton’s third law valid in non-inertial frame? Justify. ; Is Newton's Third Law applicable in non-inertial frames?What are the benefits of Harty capsules made by Lupin Pharmaceuticals? ; Why is Capsule Arrant 4G taken for ?What is the package for management trainee in DAMCO? ; How is it to work as a Management trainee in BlueStar?Was the TV show 'Movers and Shakers' an idea copied from The Tonight Show? ; What's your favorite scene from a TV show, and why?How do I find heroes in my life? ; What should I do to be proactive at my new job?What is the difference between a nerd and an intelligent person? ; What is the difference between Curiosity and Intelligence?How can learn English? ; How can I learn English well？?How do I build a self confidence? ; How do you raise self confidence?Which type of foundation is used in Indo-pak border? ; What is the best city/town/state where an Computer Engineer can earn good salary and have a big backyards and stuff?Can I study in New Zealand and work in Australia? ; How did the Jews and Christian were treated in Saudi Arabia back then?What hotel in Saharanpur would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? ; What hotel in Chandigarh would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?Do People flirt using Quora? ; Do people flirt with other people on Quora?Is it good to use Dettol liquid in bathing water? ; Is dettol bar soap good for daily use?Is it healthy to sleep by covering your head fully by a blanket? ; Is it harmful to sleep head facing north?What are differences between the Paleolithic, and Neolithic time periods? ; Where is the source of the chalk for Neolithic chalk balls?How are violin strings made? ; What are violin strings made of?Is water actually blue? ; Why is water blue?What will happen when we run out natural resources? ; How long can humans keep wasting natural resources before they all run out?How do Uber and Lyft compare in 2016? ; How did Uber and Lyft become comparable?What are the reasons behind most Indians being against Barkha Dutt (and NDTV)? ; Why do Indians generally hate NDTV journalist Barkha Dutt so much?How do I set up business with paytm? ; How should we set up this business?Why do people still think the the world is flat? ; Why do some people today still believe that the Earth is flat? What evidence has convinced them that this is so?Do vegetarians feed their dogs with meat? ; Do vegetarians or people that don't eat meat for moral reasons feed their dogs meat?How is pressure an intensive property? ; Why is pressure an intensive property?Which is the best dance academy in Pune? ; What are the best dance classes in Hyderabad?What are some examples of a conjecture? ; What is a conjecture? What are some examples?Where can I watch son of saul on the internet? ; Is there any place online that I can watch The Dead Mothers Club for free, that won't attack my computer? Is there any store that I can buy it in?What is part time work from home? ; What are some of the best paid part time jobs that can be done from home?What is the difference between CDMA and GSM? ; What are the technical differences between CDMA and GSM?What are 2 things that you would tell to your younger 18 year old self? ; What advice would you give to your younger self?What is the impact of demonetization on Indian economy? ; What are the impacts on Indian Rupee value after demonetizing Rs. 500 or Rs. 1000 notes in market as economic stand point?What is this triple talaq issue all about? ; What does the Quran say about triple talaq?Why should everyone knows about First Aid? ; What should everyone know about first aid?How come sex is good/okay for health but masturbation isn't, whereas both cases result in ejaculation of sperm? ; How often is it healthy to masturbate?How should I prepare for GATE? ; What are some tips to prepare for the GATE?How should I start IAS preparation after graduation? ; How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?If I lived in Australia, How would I go about buying a residential property in America? ; If I lived in Australia, How would I go about buying a residential property in the USA?When will Grooveshark allow Pinterest sharing? ; Is it legal to share Pinterest Pins on a Facebook page of my company?Could two planets touch each other and survive? ; Does the moon revolve around the sun?How Instagram is helpful? ; How does Instagram work?Which PSUs visit IIM campus for placements? ; Which PSUs visit campuses for placements in India?What site can you see old deleted Instagram pictures? ; Is it possible to see the pictures you've deleted on Instagram?How do I rid myself of my paranoia? ; How do I get rid of my paranoia?What is the difference between WD Elements and WD Passport external HD? ; What is the difference between a WD Element and a WD Passport?How do you recognise a manipulative person? ; How do you quickly recognize a manipulative person?How did you get into IIM? ; How do you get into the IIMs?How does playstation Vita remote play work? ; How does remote play for PlayStation Vita work?What is the best black Friday deal for this year? ; What are the Black Friday deals for 2016?Can water dissolve in fat? ; How do I dissolve sugar in cold water?Do you support reservation in private sector in India? ; What are your thoughts about proposals for reservation in the private sector?Given access to the same facts, how is it possible that there can be disagreement between experts in a discipline? ; Given access to the same facts, how is it possible that there can be disagreement between experts in a discipline? What are two examples for it?I am a third year MBBS student and I have not gained any knowledge. I need to gain knowledge. can someone pls help me with it? ; Why do people watch movies while travelling?How do you multiply three matrices? ; How do you multiply matrices?What is a suitable solar panel installation provider near San Fernando, California CA? ; Which is a good solar panel installation provider near San Juan Bautista, California CA?What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Suriname? ; What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Iraq?How do I stop caring about what people think about me? ; As an individual, do I really need to care what people think about me?Massage parlor addiction? ; RBI is planning to destroy 1000₹&500₹ notes, can't they recycle them for 100₹ & 50₹ notes?Can I recover iMessages if I deleted them (used right click delete) and then emptied my trash can? ; If I message someone on whatsapp then delete my account can I be blocked?What is the best computer monitor for someone who spends all day in front of the screen doing text-heavy work (spreadsheets, documents)? ; How can I reduce the table lamp eye strain?What are your thoughts on this painting? ; What are your thoughts on my painting?What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Vallenar earthquake in 1922? ; What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Mexico earthquake in 1787?Which is the best photo editing app for android? ; Which are the best photo editing apps for Android?Which implementation of Python does Google use? ; What is less dehydrating spirits or wine?How do I get rid of keratosis pilaris on my tricep areas? ; How do I get rid of keratosis pilaris?Can Vitamin C pills cause a miscarriage? ; Does vitamin C cause miscarriages?Did anyone really go to the moon? ; Did astronomers really visit moon?How do London and Paris compare to live in? ; For someone who is fluent in both English and French, which city would they prefer to live in - London or Paris - and why?How do you make money online? ; How can i make money online easily?Why do Ukrainians make good prostitutes? ; What do you think about Ukrainian men?I am 19 years old girl and my height is 5'3. How can I increase my height? ; Can Height be increased after 18 or 19 years of age?How can I tell if I’m a narcissist? ; How can I identify a narcissist?How can Bitcoin be hacked? ; Is Bitcoin mining still profitable in 2016?How do I write a effective cover letter for a job as a software engineer? ; Who would you recommend me to write a CV/Cover letter for a software engineer?How do I stop a redirecting virus on Android in Google Chrome? ; How do I remove a chrome redirect virus?What are the advantages of being left handed? Am I lucky? ; What are the advantages of being a left handed?How do you calculate the height of the mountains? ; How do they measure the height of a mountain?Is LinkedIn a good acquisition for Microsoft? ; How does the LinkedIn acquisition help Microsoft achieve its mission?What do you do when you are upset? ; What you do when you get upset?How did the British colonial government torment India? ; What are the negative aspects of British colonialism in India?How do I choose domains for a project? ; How do I find our project domain?In what sectors is it best to live in Gurgaon? ; In what sectors is it best to live in Gurgaon (Gurugram)?What is the salary scope of Architect in India? ; What is the reason lots of engineering students can't get a good job in India?How can I increase the traffic to a website? ; How can I increase the traffic on my website? Jeenkart.comHow do you become a military drone pilot? ; How do I become a drone pilot/UAV operator?What is a domain? ; What IT domains exist?Why were Russia's casualties so disproportionately high during World War II? ; Why were Soviet casualties so high even late war?Relation between phase & line voltage? ; What is the relation between phase and line voltage?Why would watching snooker be different to playing it? ; Why is watching snooker different to playing snooker?As per law of attraction what you think that happens then why life doesn't go as we thought it should or as per our plans? ; As per Hindu mythology, all the sorrows and happiness are a result of our karma in our past life. If it is so, then why do people pray to God for help in times of distress, knowing that suffering is imminent and predestined? And what is the role of God in our life, if he can't help us?What are the most visible external signs that someone is high on heroin? ; What are the most visible external signs that someone is high on dextromethorphan?Why are my questions always flagged as needing improvement? ; Why does Quora mark most of the questions as needing improvement?I like my job and boss a lot, but I am underpaid. I received an offer from a competing firm for 30% more. How should I use this to increase my current pay, given that I have no intention to quit and don't want to harm my current relationship with my manager? ; I don't love my current job but I don't have another job offer in hand. Want should I do?Softwares used for designing in automobile industry which one should know? ; My wife never ask me to have sex. Is that normal?Who is the best doctor for hair loss treatment in Chennai? ; Who is the best doctor for hair loss treatment in bangalore?Are there any characteristics that the Japanese economy has that do not align with the characteristics of the CME model in the VoC approach? ; Are there any personality characteristics that make pre-crisis superman so different from the N52 connotation?Why can't I like someone's picture on Instagram? ; How do you save instagram pics?What are greatest thriller movies? ; Which are the best suspense and thriller movies?How can I fix the head lamp of my car? ; I hit the left back side (plastic bit) of my friends car, how much will it cost to have it professionally fixed?What are some good dance schools in Hyderabad? ; What are the best dance classes in Hyderabad?Which are the best anonymous confessions ever over internet? ; Do you think the climate of arrogant rudeness afforded by Internet anonymity will ever spill over to the real world?How do I lose weight without doing exercise? ; How can I lose weight in a month without doing exercise?How can I transfer to manipal university? ; How do I transfer out of Manipal University?What can you do after engineering in India? ; What is it that I should do after engineering in India?I got AIR 617 in a NEST 2015. The cutoff is 90 and I got 107 marks. What are my chances of securing a seat in any of the two institutes? ; I got AIR 617 in a NEST 2016. The cutoff is 90 and I got 107 marks. What are my chances of securing a seat in any of the two institutes?Has Playboy or any magazine got in touch with Selena Gomez, Abigail Breslin, Emma Stone, Chloe Moretz or any young female star for a nude pictorial? ; Is Selena Gomez in Spy Kids 3?How do I convert a kolkata registration privately owned car to commercial one? ; How can I convert a privately owned car into commercial one?What do you think of the Interstate Highway System? ; How is the Interstate Highway System numbered?Can height increase after 25? ; Can someone increase their height naturally after 19?My dog can't really move after his bath. What do I do? ; My neighbor won't pick up her dog’s poop after he poops in my yard. What should I do?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Iowa? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alabama and every other state, territory and possession in the U.S.?What is the best way to learn about stock markets? ; What is the best way to learn about stock market?What is an intuitive explanation of hyper-rectangle slice sampling? ; What is an intuitive explanation of an A/B test?What are legal pets in India? ; What are the legal pets in India?What's your favourite anime? And why? ; What's your favorite anime? And why?Why is the Indian government not abolishing the currency note of 500 and 1000 to reduce black money? ; What is the percentage of domestic black money in the Indian black money and how much will Indians benefit after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?Joe Lonsdale: If there was one think you could to fix California government, what would it be? For example, repeal Prop 13, CEQA reform, etc. ; What do California police officers think of prop 47?What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Várzea Grande, Brazil? ; What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Ibirité, Brazil?What is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you? ; What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your girlfriend?How can we overcome nostalgia? ; What are good ways to overcome nostalgia?Am I just causing a problem with my girlfriend for no reason? ; I'm feeling very alone because I just had a breakup with my girlfriend. I'm not getting out of it. How can I overcome this situation?Is visual modflow flex is suitable for groundwater modelling? Is there any other computer language should be known to work in modflow related software ; Can we use the rainwater to fill up the groundwater?How do we reunite India and Pakistan? ; Can India, Pakistan and Bangladesh unite?What can you do if your wife is cheating? ; Will wife cheat again?What do Pakistanis have to say about the Uri terrorist attack on 18th September 2016? ; What do Pakistani people think about the Uri attack on 18th September 2016?How do you delete a question? ; How do I delete my own question from Quora?How do I start investing in shares or stocks? What is the minimum requirement? ; What is the possible cut off for karnataka circle?What are the types of people that you should always avoid? ; Why do people always give reason that they are busy when they can avoid certain situations?What is the meaning of the Confucius quote "the Superior Man understands what is right, the Inferior Man understands what will sell"? ; What does Sartre's "Man is condemned to be free" mean?What is an easy way make money online? ; How do you make money online?What is the best time of day or night to drive with Uber? ; Uber drivers, would you use an app that estimates best times to drive?What does "Que chafa!" mean in Spanish? ; What does "berraco" mean in Spanish?Which are the movies with incest themes? ; Which is best incest movie?What caused African enslavement? ; How could African enslavement have been prevented?How does a Bluetooth selfie stick work? ; How does the selfie stick work?Why should I still vote for Hillary Clinton? ; Why shouldn't I vote for Hillary Clinton?What is the function of Enhance XL Male Enhancement? ; What is a good book (or website) that lists and explains the function (phenotype) of every known gene (plus enhancer regions and other important stuff)?Is it possible to get SBI pin for new debit card, if it is lost without activating the account? ; Do Hillary Clinton supporters understand how the electoral college works?I'm 6 feet 1 inches tall. Will the YAMAHA R3 be comfortable for me? ; I am 6 feet tall. Which bike is the best suited for me in terms of comfort and reliability?What is the most embarrassing thing that happened to you in front of your boss? ; What's the most embarrassing thing that happened to you infront of a stranger?Why do so many people not believe in climate change? ; Why do climate change deniers deny climate change?Why does San Marino exist? ; What are some things that you know but most people don't?Can I use clear nail polish to give a glossy finish to an acrylic painting? ; Nail Polish: What color should I have my toenails painted when I get a pedicure?Where can I find experience Painters in Brisbane? ; Where can I find best Painter in Brisbane?What is the difference a day make? ; What is the best way of making your day productive?Is activation energy negative? ; Why is activation energy negative?Why is Youtube not working on my iPhone? How can I fix this? ; Why is YouTube not working on my iPhone?How do you prepare for Mensa IQ testing? ; How do I take the Mensa IQ test?How do I prepare for NEET in the last 6 months? ; How do I prepare for NEET 2017 in 6 months?How truly bad is the violence/crime in Monterrey, Mexico right now? ; What are the pros and cons of being a driver for Uber or Lyft in Monterrey, Mexico?What are some types of genetic drift? What are some examples? ; What is an example of genetic drift?If diseases didn't exist would we not have most of the medicine we have today? ; If humans did not have eyes, would we discover light?I am 2nd year B.tech student. How should I start preparing for UPSC? ; I am 2nd year engineering student. What can I do to start preparation for the UPSC?How would you take over Vatican City? ; What is the Vatican City?What is trading? ; What is trade?How did God exist? ; If God exists, how can another God exist?Where can I find DJs for festival in Sydney? ; Where can I find best quality DJ for festival in Sydney?What is spring features? ; What are the features of spring framework?How can stop suicide thoughts? ; How can I stop feeling suicidal?Why did I get a belly fat? ; Why are some good jokes on Modi?What is the mechanism to print currency in the country? How much currency can a country print at a time? ; Why don't we print more currency?What are some good crowdsourced marketplaces to have a sketchup/mockup created for a product idea? ; What are the best tools for crowdsourcing ideas?How do I deal with a love triangle? ; What is the best way to solve love triangle situations?Will Google deactivate my Gmail account if it is not used? After how long does it deactivate? ; How can I use Gmail / Google Account via TOR?How should I forgive myself? ; How do you truly forgive?Have you ever seen someone die before your eyes? ; Have you ever seen anyone die?Which would you choose, Company brand or job profile? ; I have to choose between two jobs - a government job and an IT job from a product company. Which one should I choose?When Xiaomi Redmi note 4 is going to launch in India? ; Xiaomi Redmi note 4 release date in India?What is an intercept column? ; Are apps like Airbnb, Uber or Foursquare could function without a Google map?What is the scope of automobile engineering in India? ; What is the scope or value for an automobile engineer in India?Which colleges in India offer twinning programs or global bba programs with a year or 2 years of study abroad option? ; I am pursuing my 3rd year in mechanical engineering. I want to do an MBA from a good reputed college. Is India a better option or going abroad?Can Barack Obama be senator or vice President after being the President? ; What great achievements will Barack Obama be remembered for after his tenure as president?Which are the best movies of 2016? ; What is the best film of 2016?Why is no one answering my questions in Quora? ; How come my questions always get ignored on Quora?What are the best way to learn hacking? ; What is the best way to learn hacking in short time?Is a mental illness a choice? Does someone decide to have one or not? ; Is mental illness is a choice?What is the QuickBooks contact number? ; What is Quickbooks Proadvisor?What is the best Alan Watts book? ; What is a good free book on the topic of justice?How important is it to have frequent reunions with your batch mates from schools and colleges? Is organising a reunion easy? ; On average, what percentage of college graduates return to their schools for reunions?How many seats are available in Tatkal? ; When can a Tatkal ticket be available before the commencement of your journey?How do I repair my corrupt memory card? ; How do I repair a damaged memory card?How long will it take for meth to get out of my system if I'm 6'0, 155 lb and 17 years old? ; How can I get meth out of my system ASAP?Why do people like to buy new phones once the newest model of a phone is out? ; Why do people like to buy new phones once the newest model of phone is out?Has anyone's mom ever caught them masturbation? ; Has anyone's mom ever caught them masturbating?Why Supreme Court directed all cinema halls across the country to play the National Anthem before the start of a film? ; What's your stand on the recent Supreme Court's order about national anthem in cinema halls?Are "suggested people you may know" on Facebook people that have looked at your page? ; What does it feel like to be fired from Facebook?How can we optimize the website which has pages in millions? ; How can we optimize a website which has million pages?Adam D'Angelo: Which tank is the best in World of Tanks? ; What is the best tank in WoT?How can I make money online for free? ; What's the easiest way to make money online?What are the best drama tv show? ; What are the best drama TV shows?Is it safe download torrents in tor browser? ; Is it still safe to use Tor?What would World War III look like? ; Can a normal person start World War III?What was the number of irrigation pumpsets sold in India during 2015-16? ; How root mean square speed related to measure average kinetic energy and why?If Logan a.k.a. The Wolverine doesn't age, how did he grow up to be an adult? ; How will Deadpool be able to talk in the Deadpool movie (2016), considering that he got his mouth sealed in the movie X-Men Origins-Wolverine?How can I know the contact of a person in telegram if its number is not saved on my phone and he is messaging me? ; I never answer any call if the number is not in my phone contacts (I might answer if they text me first). Is this bad?Why do so many people in the U.S. have a chubby stomach? ; How many people in the U.S. are closet atheists?Where can I get best domestic and commercial window cleaning service in Sydney? ; Where can I find a commercial cleaning service in Sydney?Why are U.S. Vice presidents not allowed to drive in the six months after their term? ; Which all companies offer embedded coding profile at NSIT?What is the difference between an air cooler and an air conditioner? ; What is the difference between an air conditioner and a refrigerator?IFS officers abroad are paid a much larger salary than the same in India. What really decides who will be posted abroad and who in India? ; What type of job is of a logistics specialist? How much can they earn in  India and abroad?What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Ontario's? ; What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from British Columbia's?Two equal masses hang one below the other on strings of equal length. The oscillation will have two modes. What is the ratio of their frequencies? ; What will b angle b/w two vector of equal magnitude when the magnitude of their resultant is Also equal to the magnitude of either of these vectors?What do you think about Brexit? ; What is your view/opinion about Brexit?If I skip a back paper in B.Tech, will I face any problem during certificate verification by PSU or IIT? ; I am a B.Tech (ECE) 2012 pass out. I was selected for a central government job in the department of India, but now I want to change my job profile. I want to start working in the technical field, but I am facing so many problems. How do I change my job?Which is the best mechanics book for the JEE Advanced - BM Sharma (Cengage), D.C. Pandey (Arihant) or Anurag Mishra (Balaji)? ; I have 6 months in hand. Can I complete BM Sharma (Cengage) in this time?What is your favorite animated movie and why? ; What are your favorite movies and why?If a war erupts between USA and Russia who will eventually win? ; Can Russia defeat USA if war happen between them?What is the standard model all about? ; What exactly is the standard model?What is Fiverr, and how do they make money? ; How does Fiverr make money?What are some food options to go on elimination diet in India? ; How can you use Freegate in Firefox?I am an engineering student. During my exam days, sometimes when I try to sleep, I can't for hours. Why is this so? ; Is it normal to sleep for more than 10 hours in a day during your exams?Will most auto dealers let you buy a car entirely in cash? ; Why do we need auto dealerships? Why can't I buy a car from the manufacturer for the cheapest price without paying the dealer's salary?Do any of you regret you marriage? ; Do you regret your marriage, and why?How does one score good marks in MAKAUT? ; Which one is easier, IELTS or TOEFL? How much time is required for the preparation if I have good English?Why do Arvind Kejriwal's goon close roads and irritate public daily? ; Where do Lucifer's mundane passions (greed, pride, envy) come from if he is a pure spirit? He had the free will of a pure spirit, not that of a man.What are essential oils? How do they work? ; How do essential oils work?Are there any tricks to be a good teacher? ; Are there any tricks to be a great teacher?How does unaccounted/black money affect a country's economy? ; What is the effect of black money on India's macro economy?What are some endemic species of India? ; Is chewing Paan, Gutka endemic to India only? Why doesn't GOI bans it completely for healthy and clean India?What economical gift should be given to someone (18yr old guy) leaving town? ; What is the essence of the style of thinking embodied by people like Steven Levitt, Sam Harris and Daniel Kahneman?Who are the Indian origin stars who made name in Hollywood? ; How many films have been made in Hollywood so far?What is the boiling point of oil? ; What is the boiling point of water?What is the scope of networking and hardware and degree must? ; What is the scope for hardware and networking?Can anyone provide the link which has a pdf version of this book "Engineering drawing by n.d.bhatt"? ; Can anyone provide me with PDFs of Robert D Cook's finite element modelling book?What is a Social Services Director? ; What is the social service?Is shoethere.com a legitimate website? ; Is inboxdollars.com legitimate website?How do I overcome depression or low self esteem? ; How do I get over the depression that is caused by low self esteem?What are the prerequisites for starting a business? ; What are the prerequisite to start business?What are the benefits of advertising on social media? ; What is the benefit of social media?Why shouldn't you smoke with a sore throat? How do you treat a sore throat? ; What physically occurs to cause (in general) a sore throat and what is the best cure for it?What is inside a bullet? ; What is inside the bullet?Can you suggest some good new year resolution's that anyone can implement for 2017 ? ; What's your new year resolution for 2017?Is there any side effect of Protinex powder? ; What are the side effects of Adderall?What are the features of ARRI Alexa Mini? ; What is so special about ARRI Alexa Mini?Did Trump win the election? ; Can Donald Trump win this Tuesday?Are men really better drivers than women? ; Who are better drivers woman or man?What is it like to work as a Disney Princess at a Disney Amusement Park? ; What does it entail to work as a Disney princess?Which is the best Panasonic service center in Hyderabad? ; Where can I find Panasonic Service Center in Hyderabad?How do you get over a girl? ; How do I get a girl to get over me?What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Riyadh? ; What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of France?What is electrical? ; What is electricity?How do I root Micromax Canvas Knight Cameo? ; How can I root my Micromax A350 Canvas Knight 4.4.2?I forgot my MI Account username and password. How to delete that account in Xiaomi Redmi Note 3? ; How does someone root a Xiaomi Redmi Note 3(MTK)?How big is saavn now? ; How big is Saavn?How can I concentrate on my studies? ; What should I do to concentrate on my studies? What can help me to improve my concentration?Can we harness electrical power from the lightning? ; Will we be able to gain energy from lightning?How do I prepare for AIPMT with 3-4 months remaining? ; How do I manage time for each subject in last 4 months before AIPMT 2016?Which are the top civil services coaching institutions in India? ; Which are the best civil services coaching institutes in India?Why during the ice age or in different ages size of animals was huge but during the evolution size reduced? ; Why in your opinion were certain cities able to profit during the industrial era, but not during the digital age?Can I not use Facebook Workplace without a unique domain email address? ; How do I recover my Facebook email and password?What is the importance of formatting a document? ; What is SEL?What are the best institutes for MS in USA? ; Which are the best institutes in USA to pursue MS In biomedical engineering?What is the song called in the background of this video? ; What is the name of the song in the background of this video?How does the U.N. get funding? ; Is it true that the US is funding ISIS?Why am I not losing any weight even though I work out 5-6 times a week 40+ minutes each time? ; I am a 63 kg (138 lbs) skinny guy with a height of 5'8'' (172 cm). I am on a diet of four boiled eggs a day with ample amount of groundnuts & chickpeas. I workout 1 to 1.5 hours in the gym.  How frequently should I work out each week?What does Pakistanis think about India? ; What do people think about India?What is the best way to learn how to hack (whitehat)? ; What is the best possible way for learning hacking?What is the oldest memory you can recall about your childhood? ; What is the oldest memory you can recall?How do people who are deaf by birth acquire language? ; If a person is born deaf, which language do they think in?Can a tornado and hurricane happen at the same time , same place and create more than one in one day? ; Can a particle vibrate so fast that it can be said to be in more than one place at the same time?My college has issued an erroneous marks list. Should I enter the same marks in my TCS Background Check documents, due to lack of time? ; My BSc. marks are too low to allow me to enter an MBA program. What should I do now?What's the best way to sell a software product/service to movie theaters? ; How do I prepare for emc2?What does it mean when your crush asks for a picture? ; What does it mean when your crush asks you for your photo?Are a Gemini woman and a Libra man compatible? ; Would a Gemini man and a Libra woman be compatible?What did the human genome project accomplish? ; What is the significance of the human genome project?Is it bad to let sweat dry on your body? ; I don't sweat a lot but my sweat do have a bad odor.What should I do to smell good?Which is the best vehicle to clear the level in Hill Climb Racing? ; Which is the best book or web site for study Android for beginners from zero level. I know JAVA but not very good. but I an intermediate in JAVA?How can I be more ambitious? ; How do I become more ambitious?What are the best new products or gadgets that most people don't know about? ; What are some mind-blowing gadgets and technologies that exist that most people don't know about?Which one is basic feature of prokaryotic cell? ; What is the earliest mobile phone which would still work on one of today's cell networks?How will demonetization of ‎₹1000 and ‎₹500 notes will help curb the rampant black currency in India? ; Would demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes actually help in curbing black money in India?Apart from spam and fake apps, is there really a way to check the profile visitors in Facebook? ; Can I see statistics on visitors to my Facebook profile?What are some possible solutions if I forgot my iCloud password? ; What should I do if I forgot my iCloud email and password?How can I learn groups-II in two months? ; Will it be correct to buy One Plus Three smartphone?How long should you wait before smoking weed after a tooth extraction? ; How long after wisdom tooth removal can I smoke marijuana?Should I buy a used rental car? ; What companies would you recommend to buy a used rental car from?How can we become rich soon? ; Rich people of Quora, what should I do to become rich?Should I go to IBS Hyderabad (ICFAI) for an MBA? Why or why not? ; Which institute is better, ISB or IBS in Hyderabad?Can anyone solve this problem ; Solve the case: A man got killed in his office. The suspects are Edison, Maxis, Jason, Janna, and Sofia. A calendar near the man has 6, 4, 9, 10, 11 written in blood. Who is the killer?How is San Diego traffic? ; How often do residents of San Diego go to Mexico?What is the most interesting shell script you have ever written? ; How do I run a shell script from Java code?What do teachers think of students who are models? ; What do teachers think of students?Do you ever feel like you don't deserve some things in your life? ; Do you ever feel like you want to do so many things in your life but you don't know where to start?What do you think about the privatization of Air India? ; Why shouldn't we privatise air india?In Game of Thrones, is Syrio Forel one of the Faceless Men? ; Is Syrio Forel a faceless man following Arya around being different people?What is it like working in a call centre? ; What is it like to work at a call centre?Which social network drives the most traffic? ; What is a good excuse to miss national guard drill on a two day notice?How do I improve my English speaking? ; How do I improve my pronunciation in English?What are the pros and cons of German and American EMS Pre-Hospital care? ; My blood pressure was 160/86 for three months. My doctor finally had to give me four medication. Is there a chance to lower my blood pressure?How close are we to San Angeles? ; How much is a train ride from Los Angeles to San Francisco?Which is the best free animating software? ; What is a good free animation software?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Karakum Desert? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Namib Desert?How do I get an Australian accent? ; How can I develop an Australian accent?European Union: Why do countries want to join the EU? ; Does France want Britain to leave the European Union?Why do some people still think the Earth is flat? ; Why do some people think that the Earth is flat?How do you prevent mirror from fogging up? ; How can you prevent a bathroom mirror from fogging up during a hot shower?Why does most flags have red color? ; Why is red, red?I am a pair skater, am I too heavy? 5 ft 108 lb (as of late)! ; Am I too heavy as a pair skater? 5 ft 108 lb (as of late)!When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros ? ; When will Apple release the next generation of MacBook Pros with redesigned hardware?What desserts go with pizza? ; Where did Pizza Hut go from Powai?Why is my skin dry even though I drink a lot of water? ; How good is Nestle Pure Life Water for you?My Instagram is private and all my following requests have disappeared. Why did they disappear? ; Why did some of my sent Instagram direct messages disappear? They were on Instagram for days and suddenly disappeared although I didn't delete them.I had sex with my girlfriend and I bleeded. It is happening from last two times. Bleeding is from the base of the opening of the penis.tia? ; With the recent news on torrent downloads leading to imprisonment in India, are users shifting to VPN or seedboxes - if yes which ones?How can I get famous on Instagram anonymously? ; How do I get famous on Instagram?How do I embed a Prezi into an HTML email? ; How do I embed an HTML box into Google Slides?What exactly is a backend developer? ; What is a back-end developer?How would you describe a perfect girlfriend or boyfriend? ; How would you describe the perfect boyfriend?How can the arrangement of corynebacterium xerosis be described? ; How would you describe waves?How do you fix a Google Play Store account that isn't working? ; What can cause the Google Play store to not open? How are such probelms fixed?Which is the best earphone under 1000? ; What are the best earphones under 1k?What are the differences between the Dell Inspiron 3000, 5000, and 7000 series laptops? ; Should I buy an Apple MacBook Pro 15" or a Dell Inspiron 17 5000 series?Which are the positive benefits of banning existing ₹500 and ₹1000 currency notes in India? ; Will the economy of India collapse due to the banning of ₹500 and ₹1000 notes?Which coaching institutes are the best for CAT? ; Which is the best coaching institute for CAT?What are some of the best jokes? ; What are the all time best jokes?My classmate hate me because of my attitude? ; What should I do if my mitacs summer internship period falls on summer semester finals exam in my university? Should I apply for it or not?How do you give a good rimjob? ; How do I give a rimjob?Why isn't Israel in NATO? ; Is Israel in NATO?Why don't all countries in the world accept the USA as their supreme leader? ; Why didn't/don’t Jews accept Jesus Christ as their messiah?What are questions which have no answers? ; What is the question that doesn't have an answer?What kind of doctor should I go to that treats mental health problems with diet, supplements, etc? ; Which insulating material are used in heat resistant cable?Which book is the best for IELTS self preparation? ; Which book will be useful for my self-studying IELTS 7.0 on writing?Velocity of air at the outlet of air conditioner, maybe say, 1.5Ton split AC.? ; Can I replace core i3 first generation with a core i5/i7 for newer generation without changing motherboard?How much of a turnoff is an engineer to a girl? ; Can I be a chemical engineer as a girl?Is there any way I can earn money online without any kind of investment? ; Can I make money online without investing?What are the pros and cons of strarving yourself in order to lose weight? ; How safe is for you to starve to lose weight?What's the difference between Visual Studio Code vs Visual Studio 2015 RC? ; What are the features of Visual Studio Code?What is Quora's policy on expressing opinions and proselytizing to answer questions? ; What is the molecular orbital configuration of the first excited state of hydrogen molecule?Why are there still people who believe the world is flat? ; Why do people still believe in flat earth?Is there anything in particular I should pay attention to when moving a CPU from one motherboard to another? ; What are the skills a good CA should possess, apart from academics, articleship and communication skills?What are some extremely early signs of pregnancy? ; What are the early and common signs of pregnancy?Why are insects important to our ecosystem? ; What is important for a water ecosystem to remain healthy?How can I convert a non-Muslim to Islam? ; How do people convert to Islam?Which developed country in the world is the easiest to immigrate to, for Indians? ; What nationalities have the easiest ability to immigrate to another country?Can we control our feelings and emotions? ; How should I control outbursts of emotions?Has anybody tried the free TEFL scholarship with Premier TEFL? I have been told that you can stay in 4/5 star hotels in Eastern Europe and it's free. ; I have been married almost 15 years. We have two children, 11 and 8. My childhood was horrible, seven years of sexual, physical, and mental/emotional abuse followed by instability and low self esteem issues as a teen. My husband met me after I began dealing with my childhood and knew all about my issues. He knew what would end our marriage, yet he did it and lied about it multiple times. I was pregnant and did not leave. We tried to make it work. We had another child. We have been through MANY "situations" in our marriage and as parents. For the past 6-8 years we have just been living as parents. Not lovers. In the past I tried everything to make our marriage work. I finally decided to be done with it. Now he says he loves me and wants to make it work. But he is manipulative and can be so mean. He uses my children to cause me pain and stress. He knows that they are the only reason I stay. We are in counciling, but I really have no "love" feelings for him. I told him I want a divorce, but he won't give me one. He has said he will make my life miserable until the 18 months of separation are up and divorce is granted. Any advice? I'm ready to run away...Is the Philippines an Asian or a Western country? ; Is the Philippines a Christian country or is it only officially Catholic? Is the Philippines more Western than other Asian countries?How difficult is PESSAT? ; How tough is the PESSAT?What is does it mean digital diet? ; What is the meaning of digital?Is China more diverse than the USA? ; Could USA ever become more populous than China or India?If hearing is associated with abstract thinking, how do people who were born deaf think? ; How do deaf-born people think?What are the courses other than medical and engineering for science stream students after 12th? ; Are there any other special exams other than engineering or medical exams after 2nd year of pre university?What can I eat every day to be more healthy? ; Is it healthy to eat instant white oats every day?Who is the best prime minister of India? ; Who is the best prime minister of the india till now?Are you happy now? ; Are you happy now? If no, why not?How can I teach my 7 year old son? ; How can I teach my 7 year old son to draw?Does dreams have any meaning? ; Do your dreams have meanings?What would be the effect of Trump's presidency on international Master's students who plan to work in the US after completing the degree? ; What effect will Donald Trump's victory have on international students looking to study in USA?How do you create a blog in Quora? ; How can I make an Opinion Blog on Quora?How should I prepare for Google phone interview for SWE (University Graduate)? ; What should I expect in a Software Engineer interview at Google and how should I prepare?Which is better, doing teeth scaling before pulling out your tooth or after pulling it out? ; What are the ways to read others what's app messages?Refrigeration and air conditioning pjd offering colleges in india? ; How is CDAC training useful in industry?What are the best biking riding gears for all terrain in india? ; Can I learn riding gear bikes on a KTM Duke 200?Does global warming exist? ; Is it possible that global warming is a hoax?What is the best way to find good questions on Quora? ; How do you find good questions on Quora?If someone who you're messaging on OkCupid disables their account does that mean they blocked you? ; If someone deleted their OkCupid account do they disappear from my liked list?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Armor Minerals? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Compass Minerals?What is VEVO and why does it have so many music videos on YouTube? ; Why are there so many copyrighted music on YouTube unremoved?When do the Navy recruitment visit colleges to select students under UES scheme? ; When do the Indian Navy recruitment visit colleges to select students under UES scheme?How do I kill a small animal with toothpaste and jam?(Just a thought I happened to have, I dont plan on killing any animals nor do i want to) ; I thought PETA was good, but I have people telling me that they kill animals and are not the charity I thought they were. What is happening?What are some of the strangest addictions ever? ; What are some of the strangest addictions?How can you determine the Lewis structure for dimethylamine? ; How is the Lewis structure for CH3O determined?How do I fall in love with books again? ; How did you fall in love with books?What are the driving rules in Georgia versus California? ; What are the driving rules in Georgia versus Colorado?Why degree in psychology? ; Should I get a degree in psychology?What is your favorite "Weird Al" Yankovic album? ; What is your favorite "Weird Al" Yankovic song?I've never been pregnant. And I'm in my 2nd year of menopausal and what to have a baby what can I do? ; I am a 2nd year mechanical engineering student. I was advised by my seniors to start applying for internships in November. But I have still not been able to figure out my area of interest. What should I do?Did anyone ever said anything to piss off 2pac on camera like the N Word? ; Has anyone ever responded violently to one of the "punked" or "candid camera" type staged shows?What's the body that governs sports in the UK, and its (email) contact point? ; What's the body that governs sports in Russia, and its (email) contact point?How do I make more money with what I have? ; How do I make more money?Why do people with happy and normal lives throw everything away to join ISIS? ; How do people join ISIS?What are the best  study methods in medical school? ; Medical School: As a doctor or premed student, what was/is your best study habit?Why is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump? ; Who is the better candidate for being the President of the United States of America: Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?How is the two year MBA program at NUS? How to get there and how much would it cost for an Indian to get there? ; What is the job scene like for Indian students graduating from an MBA program in NUS/NTU in Singapore?What is MS Word used for? ; What is Microsoft Word?Is it possible to be diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and be emotionless? ; Is it possible to have borderline personality disorder and not know it?How is black money in a Swiss bank abolished by the change in new currency method in India? ; In which currency do people store money in Swiss banks? What is the advantage of storing there?How does the respiratory system work? ; What other systems work with the respiratory system?Why don't turbofans have grilles at the inlet to prevent large objects such as birds and debris from entering? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Dexcom?Does a squash have seeds? Why or why not? ; What do I do with an acquired companies Social Media profiles?Why Cyrus Mistry has been removed from Tata Group? ; What went wrong with Cyrus Mistry as Tata Group chairman and why was he ousted?I will be taking pre-calculus senior year in high school. Is this a low math level for considering a science/math majoring? ; Can you math majors solve a hard math problem on the spot (ex: Calculus) if you haven't taken calculus in years?What are some of the Nostradamus predictions which actually occurred in history? ; How far is Nostradamus predictions true?Commercials: What sort of money does 'Flo' make for all those Progressive ads? ; How does Google make money from me if I do not click any ads?Why do some people look much younger than their age? ; Why do people with autism look much younger than their age?What are the ramifications of bringing the National Guard troops into Chicago? ; What is the difference between Sikh Troops and Gurkha Troops? Why isn't Sikh Troops as popular as Gurkha troops among foreign nations?Which is the best Indian news app for Android? ; Which is the best Indian news app on apple store?What are the symptoms of low or empty engine oil in bikes? ; How much engine oil should be filled in a Honda Amaze? How much petrol remains in the tank after the low fuel indicator alert?What is the difference between melamine based polish & PU based polish? ; What is the difference between ductile and brittle?How can I join indian army special forces? ; How can I get into Indian army?Is it true that nothing can travel faster than light? Or was that idea made up? ; Why can you not accelerate to faster than light?I have done BE in IT. Which course is beneficial-SAP ABAP or PG diploma in business analytics? ; I stopped singing for 10 days, when I sang I got to sing up to C#5, and after 2 days I got back to only hitting A#4, how could I get these notes back?Have humans ever had "mating seasons" like other animals? ; In the animal world, are there males that kill the females during the mating season?How can I use Google trends? ; How should I use Google Trends?Is Lord Shiva held captive in Mecca, Saudi Arabia? ; What is Saudi Arabia's stand on Israel?What's the difference between LR6 and AA batteries? ; How many volts is an AA battery?How do you factory reset a Toshiba laptop? ; What is the correct procedure to perform a factory reset on a Toshiba laptop?Why dont Indian Muslims sing National Anthem? ; Why do Indian Muslims oppose the national anthem of India?What is calories? ; Is a calorie a calorie?If we have evolved from apes then why there are apes around us? ; If humans evolved from monkeys then why are monkeys still around?How does art influence feelings and make an impact on on the personality itself? ; Which name has more impact on you (being my audience in an art/personal blog)?Which extra certification courses will benefit mechatronic engineering students? ; Which extra certification courses will benefit mechanical engineering students?What are different alcohol content in whisky, beer and wine? ; What is the average alcoholic content of wine? Red? White?How do i lose weight? ; I'm 12 and at 60 kg and about 144 cm how do I lose weight?How can we stop racism? ; What is the cure for racism?How can I explain the fourth dimension to a teenager with little to no background information? ; How do you explain the existence of fourth dimension?If the ACA is repealed, will claims be denied for those with pre-existing conditions? ; Once the ACA is repealed, how soon thereafter will insurers start denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions?How do I recover deleted direct messages on Instagram? ; How do you retrieve deleted direct messages on Instagram?What are the best car technology gadgets? ; What are the best car gadgets and tools?What is the best treatment to reduce puffy eyes? ; How do you cure puffy eyes?What is the difference between infrared radiation and ultraviolet radiation? ; What are the differences between infrared and ultraviolet light? What are its similarities?What is the definition of "actual yield"? ; What is the true definition of science?What trivia (and/or little-known facts) do you find interesting about Antarctica? ; Which are some of the interesting facts about Antarctica and what are the research works going on in Antarctica?What is the biggest lie you have ever told on Quora? ; What's the biggest lie ever told on the news?What if I do these in the IELTS speaking test? ; What does it feel like to be an IELTS speaking test examiner?What is the best wood flooring to use with radiant heat? ; What is the best wood for outdoor flooring in location with high humidity levels?What is sleep sort? ; Which sorting algorithm is efficient in sorting?What would happen if the 2008 financial crisis lead to a depression? ; Why did Americans elect Trump instead of Hillary?Which is the best hotel job vacancy website? ; What are some examples of considerations in a contract?What is the Mixed Reality Lightfield? ; When and why did the term "mixed reality" change to "augmented reality"?What is your favorite place to travel to? ; Where is your favorite place you have traveled to?What is the salary of indian president? ; What is the President's salary in India?External conflict is best described as, what? ; What would fighting a war against the US military be like at the individual and/or unit level in any environment? Are there former enemy soldiers from previous US conflicts on Quora? What best describes this experience?Why are INTJs and INTPs so popular on Quora? ; Why are people obsessed with intjs and intps on Quora?I'm a 3rd year Game design and development student, which is the best company to intern at in Bangalore? ; I'm looking to go into board game design upon graduation in May. Should I try interning for a company or should I maybe just work from the ground up and create my own company around board game design?What are the tips and hacks for getting the classes that you want as a freshman at Stanford? ; What are the tips and hacks for getting the classes that you want as a freshman at CMU?How do you post a question on Quora? ; How do I clarify a question in Quora?Is it appropriate to limit the right to education only to primary education? ; FOR A 30 year OLD WORKING in A public sector BANK What are the ALTERNATE government job options?Why is the construction so hard and the destruction is so easy? ; What are going to be the leading industries and types of businesses in the next 50 years?What topic should I research for my EPQ project? ; How should I decide what type of program to make for an EPQ (Extended Project Qualification)?What are the top 3 musical pieces that best represent love? ; What are the top 3 musical pieces that best represent joy?Why when I read an English article do I understand most of the words but I cannot understand the message of the article very well? How can I improve my reading comprehension? ; I am very poor in English language and even struggle to understand while reading small article also. How can I improve it without attend class?What are your favorite documentaries? ; What are your favourite documentaries? Why?What are some cool Python tricks? ; What are some cool python scripts?Knock knee cause any problem in Delhi police si selection? ; What have been the reactions by courts towards the arrests of AAP MLAs by Delhi Police?I am interested in a fashion designing programme. Which are the best institutes in Pune? ; Which is the best institute for lern fashion designing in Pune which will give me scope to my skill while I am woking?Which mutant from the Marvel Universe would be able to infiltrate Area 51 and get out of said place alive? ; What are some of the best online materials to learn advanced Java?Which are the best questions to follow on Quora? ; What are some good questions on Quora to follow?Devices which require half wave rectifier? ; What are the applications of half wave rectifier?How do I improve my appearance and personality? ; How can I improve my personality, and my appearance?Does green dot next to the phone icon on messenger mean person is on a call? ; What does a dot next to the phone icon on messenger mean?What is fiscal monetary policy? ; What is the difference between fiscal and monetary policy?What does it mean when someone tells you " you are breaking my heart"? ; Does use of technology help kids learn and grow?Who is he real hero of the merchant of Venice? Give me only the keywords. ; Is there someone I could email and help me as my counselor for my education?How should I convince my parents for love marriage? ; How do I convince my parents for a love marriage when they have completely misunderstood my boyfriend?I got 143 marks in Jee Main Examination . Which college I can get admission through this score ? ; I got 143 marks in Jee Main Examination . Which colleges I can get admission through this score?I believe my ex boyfriend have blocked me on WhatsApp but I still can see him online sometimes. Did he block me or did he change his privacy setting? ; Someone in WhatsApp deleted and blocked me. I didn't delete his contact, and after two weeks his profile picture and status appeared. His 'last seen' is not visible. If he comes online, can I see it?Why do people say "God bless you"? ; Why do people say "bless you" whenever someone sneezes?How can I make an array with variable size in the C language? ; In C/C++ language, Why is there a * sign before a variable, what does it do?What are the Keys to the Kingdom? ; What are the keys to the kingdom of contentment?Why did Malala Yousafzai win the Nobel Prize? ; Was giving Nobel Prize to Malala a complete joke?Does Bernie Sanders still have a chance to become elected? ; Does Bernie Sanders have a chance at becoming president?Why should I crack Jee? ; Is it possible to get into IIMs with low marks in graduation and 12th?What is the color of love? ; What are colors?Should I buy shark cards in GTA 5? ; What is GTA 5 written in?Which is the best screen recording software for Windows 10? ; Which is the best screen recorder for computers?Is organic food really healthier? Is it more nutritious? ; Is this statement true "organic food is not healthier"?What is your review of Sex Stories? ; What is your review of The Story of Chu Yuan?Which episode of Star Trek (TOS) features slimy things which gets itself glued to the crew? ; What would a battle between the Star Trek: TOS crew and the Xenomorphs look like?What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Bond County IL? ; What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Champaign County IL?What universities does New Media investment Group recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does New Senior investment Group recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?Why should I/we believe in humanity? ; Is it difficult to find apartment in New jersey for an Indian?What as your reaction when your heard about the scraping currency notes of INR 500 and 1000? ; What is your opinion about Narendra modis banning on 500 and 1000?Will the Trump administration go after the families of terrorists in Europe and the Americas? ; Will Trump form a coalition to go after the families of terrorists?What do birds build their nests with? ; How do birds build their nests?What are the pros and cons of living in Australia vs United States when one is considering immigrating to one of these countries? ; Is it worth living in United States as an Indian Immigrant?Who is better for India, Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Why? ; Who would be better for India, Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?How much has your salary increased from your first job to today? ; How much has your salary increased from your first job?Is it a good idea to buy a used car from a rental car company? ; What are the pros and cons of buying a used car from a rental agency directly? (example: buying an Accord from Hertz Used Car Sales)Why should CIBIL be respected at all? ; Places to visit in Vishakhapatnam at night?What should I answer when asked desired career level? ; What are the salary ranges of each level in Google's technical career track?Does HIV causes AIDS? ; How does HIV cause AIDS?Can I make 800k a year as a film make? ; Will the family of my boyfriend from south India will accept a foreign woman with kids?Job opportunities for non german in Germany in mechanical engineering? ; Would I be able to take voice calls on iPhone using Jio sim?How do I get supply and logistics collaboration free proposal sample? ; How do I get supply and logistics collaboration free sample proposal?Does women like oral pleasure? ; Do all women like oral sex?What is the funniest joke you ever heard? ; What is the best joke you've ever heard? Please keep it clean.What are the best way to learn Oracle HRMS modules? ; What is the Best way to learn Oracle HRMS?What would you do if you could relive your teenage years? ; If you could relive your teenage years what would you do?What is protabol 25 injection used for? Is it safe to use? How many doses are required? ; I’m taking aspirin 100mg daily dose, and I used one dose of IBUPROFEN 600mg. For how long I should wait to take my daily aspirin dose?Stellar Phoenix Mac Data Recovery username and key? ; How should I write an essay on why more pulsars are found in globular clusters than in the rest of the Galaxy?Is there any proof of the existence of aliens? Has anyone seen aliens? ; Is there really the existence of Aliens and is there any proof available realted to them?What is it like to be an airplane mechanic? ; What is an airplane?Do you need to remap ECU after installing K&N air filter in Royal Enfield Classic 500 EFI? ; Is it safe to change the air filter and exhaust on a fuel injected Royal Enfield without remapping the ECU? If so , what are the safest options?Is it possible to set Google Chrome as the default browser on iPhone and iPad? ; Can I permanently mute a tab in Google Chrome browser?How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes bring out the black money of the big shots who have lots of it in the Swiss bank in a different currency? ; How will the decision to illegalize the 500 and 1000 Rs notes help to get rid of black money in the Swiss bank or maybe in other foreign banks and currencies?What will be Hillary Clinton's India policy if she wins the election? ; What is Hillary Clinton's foreign policy outlook with regard to India?If a tow truck is about to tow your car, can you get in the car and refuse to have it towed? ; If I request a tow truck, will they typically take my car key with them?What are the hospitals offering house jobs to MBBS graduates in Jhansi? What is the expected salary there? ; I got a job offer telling me to "pick my salary." How do I do that?How do I delete account? ; How can you delete your Chnlove account?How would i know if i’m block on iPhone 6? ; How do you block a call on an iPhone 6?What can cause a yellow jelly discharge? ; What are the causes of a yellow jelly discharge?How long do I need to practice cursive writing before I'm an expert? ; Is there a site where I can practice writing in cursive?What do you do if you're falling asleep at work? ; My sister has a weird habit of falling asleep at work. What should she do?Is India really progressing under Narendra Modi government? ; How has india changed under Narendra Modi?What can I do to stop worrying what others think? ; How do I stop caring about what others think?What is the weirdest thing that you have ever seen or have happened to you? ; What is the weirdest thing you seen?What is the meaning of Fourier transform of an image ? Why is it important in image processing? ; Why is image compression important?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions? 1 ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in the entire U.S. including it’s territories and possessions?How do I be mentally strong? ; How do I become emotionally and mentally strong?How do I stop feeling guilty for no reason? ; How should I stop feeling guilty?In how many different ways can the letters of the word 'CORPORATION' be arranged so that the vowels always come together? ; How many different ways can the letters of the word 'DETAIL' be arranged in such a way that the vowels occupy only the odd position?How certain are you that Hillary Clinton will win the 2016 election? ; Is Donald Trump likely to win the 2016 election (late 2015 / early 2016)?What is metamorphic rock? ; How are metamorphic rocks classified?Why is this incorrect: "she swimmed one hundred laps in the pool yesterday"? ; Is it grammatically incorrect to say "How did she ran?" instead of "How did she run?"?What are the best ways to improve my English because I'm not good in English? ; How can I improve my pronunciation in English?What made you vote for Trump? ; Why did you specifically vote for Donald Trump?Score word features? ; How does "Free" Translate to Latin?Now after banning of ₹500 & ₹1000 notes, what are the ways in which people can convert their black money into white and how can it be prevented? ; What will black money owners do after the banning of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?What is average package of Band 6 in HSBC India? ; What is the average package for band 6 in hsbc india?What are some lesser known must-listen songs? ; Music Recommendations: What are some lesser known songs that you like a lot?How much practice time would it take to get from a 60 wpm typing speed to 100 wpm? ; I have left only 1 month to increase my typing speed by 45 WPM. How much time should I spend on a typewriter?How do YouTube pay YouTubers? ; Does youtube pay to YouTube channels?What is the best Deep Learning library that can be used in mobile application development? ; Does Quora use Deep Learning?Is it fine to run and jump after drinking water? ; Why do we drink water after eating food?Why are we here? Why do humans exist? Is it God or chance? ; What are the strongest arguments against the existence of god(s)?Should we replace Mahatma Gandhi logo with Dr. B.R. Ambedkar or any other freedom struggler on Indian currency? ; Do you think the photograph of Mahatma Gandhi should be replaced by Modi on Indian currency? Why?Are people just being ignorant when they ask here on Quora instead of simply typing it into say Google? ; Do people realize that when they say "cuss" or "cussing" they are simply coming off as extremely ignorant?What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from the on in the Cuban shield? ; What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from other geologic shields?How is combustion initiated in a conventional gasoline-fueled internal combustion engine? ; How does combustion work in an internal combustion engine?How do I learn the French language? ; What is the best way to learn French on your own?How can I overcome the fear of life phobia? ; How we get rid of fear?What is meaning of share market? ; What is the share market?Why did the Jews rebel against Roman government? ; Why were the Jews rebellious during Roman rule?Which is better between the Game of Thrones vs The Walking Dead? ; Which is better The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones? What do you guys think?Can I feed my dog asparagus? Is it harmful for him? ; How safe is it for a dog to eat asparagus?How do I improve hands skills in drumming? ; What should I do to improve my drumming skills?What are good ways to learn efficiently on the Internet? ; How do I learn C# efficiently?What if I am boring? ; What should I do if I am bored in my marriage?Can I get patent for a simple idea? ; Can I patent an app idea?What are the important algorithms in computer science? ; What is the importance of algorithm in computer science?Are bomber planes hoaxes? Or not? ; How are there bombs in front of the bomb bay? Are bombers a hoax? Or not?Why are so many people unhappy? ; Why are people unhappy?Which is the best book for learning android programming from sratch? ; What are some good books for learning android programming?What are some examples of animals that eat both plants and animals? ; What are some examples of animals that eat bees?How cosmonauts/astronauts are located inside Soyuz spacecraft? ; Is there a video of the inside of the Soyuz Spacecraft during re-entry?What are the good things done by the British to India and Indians during the British Raj? ; Was British rule in India benevolent?Is ice cream good to eat when you have a fever? Why or why not? ; Why is ice cream good for fever?What did Roosevelt mean by the black care never sits behind a rider whose is fast enough? ; What did Theodore Roosevelt mean when he said, "Black care never sits behind a rider whose pace is fast enough"?In literature, what is form? ; What are the two forms of literature?HOw do I speak Fluent English? ; How can I improve my spoken English?Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the Earth? ; Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the USA?What is the best logo ever designed? ; What are the best logos ever created?How much does it cost to repair a refrigerator? ; When should a dishwasher be repaired and how much does it cost?What causes crop circles, and how are they made? ; Are all crop circles man made?How do I get through the jump from AMC 10 to AIME or AIME to USAMO? Are there any resources such as camps, courses, or books recommended? ; What are the best resources for a middle school student to prepare for the AMC 8?How can I teach my mom English? ; How should I teach my mom English?Do womens like eat male sperm? ; Why do some women love to swallow male sperm?Which are the best apps for education? ; What are the best educational apps?How do you start making money? ; How you make money?How is the PES Bangalore for a B Tech in Civil Engineering? ; What is the cutoff for mechanical engineering in pes university?In how many dimensions we are living? ; How many types of dimensions are there and what are they?Does long distance relationship works? ; How do I survive in a long distance relationship?What are some best sources to learn programming? ; What are the best sources to learn programming?How electricity generated from water? ; How is the electricity generated from water?Do ghost actually exists? ; Does ghost really exist?How should I increase my concentration power? ; How can I improve my concentration to the best?How are women disadvantaged in 2016? ; What are the business directory in Gold Coast?Is it true that most colleges fill their early decision pool primarily with people with legacy and recruited athletes? ; Why can't I remember what happened last night?Rastriya military school blore? ; I got 62% in X, 71% in XII and 61% in Graduation. What is the probability of getting a call from any of the IIMs if I score 99 percentile in CAT?How can we find happiness in life? ; How can I be happy?What app for music without wifi for iPod? ; What music app is free without wifi connection?How do you feel about Donald Trump attacking the Khan family while he avoided military service through medical deferments and his kids not serving? ; If a guy knows his girlfriend is going through something and he acts like he doesn't have much sympathy about it and then his girlfriend gets the feeling that he's cold hearted, what do you do?What are the most embarrassing moments in life? ; Which one is the most embarrassing moment of your lift?Where can I buy alienware laptops? ; What are some tips for buying Alienware laptops for cheap?Why are Indian real estate builders can limit broadband connectivity ? Does BJP Support? ; According to the Qur’an, why did Allah order the Jews to kill themselves?What led to Cyrus Mistry ouster from TATA GROUP? ; Why was Cyrus Mistry removed as the chairman of Tata Sons?Daniel Ek: Why spotify is not available in India for free? ; Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?How do I improve my pronunciation of English? ; How could I be fluent in English?What is the simplest way to forget someone? ; What is the quickest and easiest way to forget someone?IN WHAT Time will rs 3000 amounts to rs 5184 at compounded interest of 20%? ; Is France culturally closer to UK or Germany?How were the Pentagon Papers reveal? How did it impact the U.S.? ; What did the Pentagon Papers reveal?How do I make girls like me? ; How can I make a girl be sure that she likes me?Which can be the best laptop under 30000? ; What is the best laptop under 30k for students?Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015 movie): Why did Chewbacca's bolt not kill Kylo Ren? ; [Force Awakens Spoilers]: When Kylo Ren killed his father, why did it take around 25 seconds for Chewbacca and co to react violently?How earn money by CPAGrip.com? ; How can one earn money in tutoruniverse.com?Is honey vegan? ; Is honey from bees considered vegan?What's the best programmnig language for begginers? ; Which coding language is best to start with?What are some CV worthy online Digital Marketing courses? ; What are the best online courses for digital marketing?Which are Malayalam super hit movies 2016? ; Which is your favorite Malayalam movie in 2016?How can one grow a thick beard at a faster rate? ; How can I grow a beard faster?What does Tiresias tell Odysseus? Why is this important? ; Who is the greater hero, Achilles or Odysseus?Why are properties in Asia so expensive? Is it an Asian mentality or government strategy? ; I find the term "Asian" incredibly inaccurate since Indians, Israeli, Iranians, and Russians are also in Asia. Why is it that some people get called white or black, but the word yellow for people from East Asia is considered racist? What is a different term for them?What is the quickest possible way to lose weight? ; What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?What is a black hole? How can we understand it? ; What is called a black hole?Can I find or track my lost mobile device without an IMEI number? ; Can I find or track my lost mobile device using the IMEI number?How do the astronauts practise for zero gravity on earth? ; How do they train astronauts for zero gravity situations? How can zero gravity be created on Earth?What is the chemical formula of nitrogen? ; What is chemical formula of carbon?Why is Quora useful and successful? ; How did Quora become so successful?What would have happened if Hindi was made the sole official language in India after 1965? ; India is a multilingual country. Then why do we have past instances to make Hindi as the sole official language? Is that to impose their language?How is China attempting to reduce its air pollution? ; How china is tackling pollution?Which is your absolute favorite quote? ; What are some of your favorite quotes?Who would you like Satoshi Nakamoto to be and why? ; What is Satoshi Nakamoto's background?What is the difference between i3 and Pentium Quad-Core? ; Would buying a pentium quad core over an i3 be stupid?Is it mandatory to use an SBI debit card at an SBI ATM for the first-time use? ; What are some ways to block my SBI debit card?What do you want to know about wickless candles? ; What is the difference between opportunity and project in Microsoft dynamics?What are some tips for buying a Walmart refurbished TV? ; Why is the US buying more tanks instead of fixing and refurbishing old ones?What is the difference between any PGPs (PGDM, PGDBM etc.) and an MBA? ; What is the difference between a PGP and a PGDM programme?How do I lock folders with a password without using any external software in Windows 8.1? ; Is it possible to lock a particular folder through a unique password in Windows?Does any god exist? ; Does God exist?What would the conversation between PK and Sheldon Cooper be like? ; Are there real life Sheldon Coopers?What are the best books that one should must read? ; What are some good books that one must read?University of alaska fairbanks graduates currently working in oil and gas? Experience? ; What type of candidate would be perfect to be admitted for a Master in Finance at Princeton or in Financial Engineering at Columbia?Why does biodiesel produce less amount of CO2? ; Why does biodiesel do not produce CO2?Is Earth a prematurely Inhabited Planet, because the universe is too young? ; Is Earth a prematurely Inhabited Planet?Where do I find English-dubbed episodes of Fairy Tail? ; Where can I find episodes of Kaichou wa Maid-sama dubbed in English?How do I fix my fear of fighting? ; Who pays, if any, for preventative services provided under Obamacare?How can I get meth out of my system ASAP? ; Is there any pill you can buy to flush meth out of your system for a drug test?Why does he ignore me so much? ; Why is she ignoring me?Is ff14gilhub.com Legit and Safe? ; Is website like movhash.com legit and safe?What is the best resources for learning SAP Hana? ; What are the best websites to learn SAP HANA?How do I stop loving him? ; How do I stop loving the girl I truly loved?What are the best movies based on maths? ; How do I become an international mass arms dealer?What are the most beautiful and inexpensive countries to visit? ; What are the cheapest and most beautiful places to visit in the world?Is the term "transbian" offensive? ; What do you find offensive?Is it true that Prophet Muhammad was a pedophile? ; Was the Prophet Muhammad really a pedophile?I work on volume reconstruction in electron microscopy. I want to convert from PDB (.ent) file to a VOL file (.vol). But to read the vol file in MATLAB, I need some information about the vol file (like size, offset, etc.). How can I get that information about the VOL file? ; How do I use the DLL file converted from a MATLAB file in PHP?How can I add photos or video on Quora when I want to answer? ; How do I add a photo to a Quora answer?What was Mumbai life like in the 1990s especially for teenagers? ; What are some life tips for a teenager?What is the Arizona bark scorpion, and how do animal species in the Sonoran Desert compare to species in the Atacama Desert? ; What is the Arizona bark scorpion, and how do animal species in the Sonoran Desert compare to species in the Namib Desert?Where can I find audiobooks for free? ; Where do I find audiobooks for free?In which episode does Edward Elric get taller? ; How do I get taller even though I am 6 foot?What is Quora, and what is the relevence? ; Is Quora relevant?What are the subtle ways to show my guy friend that I like him? ; How can I show my guy best friend that I like him?A student multiplied a number by 3/5 instead of 5/3.what is the percentage error? ; A student multiplied a number by 3/5 instead of 5/3. What is the percentage error in the calculation?Can we charge laptops via USB with a power bank? ; Can I charge my power bank using the mobile charger?How do you get carbon monoxide poisoning in the home? ; How do you get carbon monoxide poisoning in your car?What's more important, knowledge or imagination --- and why? ; What is more important: imagination or knowledge?How do I exit out of Quora? ; How do I delete my Quora account?What's so bad about women showing their bra straps? ; Why do people consider showing bra straps such a bad thing?Why can't I sing high notes? I can carry a tune very well but have no range. Its very frustrating. I can't make high pitches when I scream either. Can this be over come? ; Why do we have to look up when singing high notes?What business can I start right now? ; What is the best business, with the biggest potential to start right now?How Did You Ultimately Decide Which Career Path To Take? ; What is the best way to decide what career to follow?What are Slack's competitors? ; Is Slack any good?How can our life become interesting? ; When living alone, how can I make life more interesting?How can you train a Basenji/Chihuahua mix? ; How do I train White Pitbulls?Are the forms of CBSE improvement 2017 out? ; When will the improvement exam form of CBSE 2017 will be out?Why are European countries trying to compensate their low birth rates by immigration rather than incentivizing higher birth rates in local population? ; Does Israel force Ethiopian women to receive injections for contraception? If so, why?What happened before the Big Bang happened? ; What actually existed before the Big Bang?What is illuminati? What does it do? ; Who or what are the Illuminati?I want to Start (PET) Polyethylene terephthalate Recycling Industry.Out put is Fiber for this I need Domestic Buyers list can Anyone help me? ; Why am I so tired at 14 weeks pregnant?What is the worst thing about this year (2016), you have faced? ; Venturimeter is use in petrol pump to determine how much flow of fuel pour into tank?What are some books or videos for understanding how the Indian economy works? ; Which are the books that should I start with to understand the basics of indian economy?Why does Saudi Arabia enforce such harsh punishments for drug trafficking? ; Why is Saudi Arabia lowering the price of crude oil?What are the some of the most interesting stories about Ravana based on Hindu mythology? ; Is Indra the most coward god in hindu mythology?Which is the best institute for learning Embedded System at Hyderabad? ; Which is the best institute for learning embedded systems?What protagonists from classic novels do you most identify with and why? ; What fictional character from novels do you most identify with and why?When is she less likely to get pregnant? ; How does it feel for a man to get a woman pregnant when she cannot keep the child?What are some of the best coaching institutes for GMAT in Delhi/NCR? ; What are best and reliable institutes for gmat in Delhi-NCR?I'm jealous when my best friend is having fun with other friends.That makes me angry with her and sometimes I don't talk to her because of it. As a girl, how can I stop being so jealous? ; I'm jealous when my best friend is having fun with other friends.That makes me sad and angry with her. I am a boy, what should I do?What is the scope of growth in the ITIS in TCS? ; What is ITIS in TCS all about?Where is Nangli Wazidpur? ; What is Nangli Wazidpur?What is the best way to reduce weight fast? ; How do I lose weight and reduce my waist quickly?Is it possible to change your personality as a child? ; Is it possible to completely change your personality by will?What is your experience with Reliance Jio? ; What is your experience with Jio 4g sim internet?Can you get cancer from the smoke produced by smoking marijuana? ; Can you get lung cancer from smoking marijuana?How can I make my questions anonymous? ; How can I anonymously add content on Quora?What does litmus paper do and how is it made? ; What is litmus paper made of?Has the 50AE Desert eagle a almost 99% kill chance with a headshot at close range? ; What are the odds of dying if someone shot me in the chest with a 50 cal Desert eagle at close range?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Kalahari Desert? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Chihuahuan Desert?How can I increase the organic search traffic to my site? ; How can I increase my website organic search traffic?How do you know if you are in love with someone? ; How do you know if you're in love with someone and might only be denying the fact to yourself?Where can I get best fire protection services in Sydney? ; Where can I get emergency fire protection service in Sydney?What are stable and unstable elements? ; Which elements have more stable chlorides than oxides?What does it mean if my texts to one person say “sent but not delivered” but the photos I send to that same person always say delivered? ; What do Iranians think about Dubai?Can a two-term former President be a cabinet secretary or run for Congress or the Senate or be appointed to the Supreme Court? ; The president gets to appoint/nominate supreme court judges. Why would this be an advantage to his party at all?Where does the count of 330 million Hindu Gods come from? ; How was the life in Satya Yuga?How is MSC- Mtech dual degree in chemistry at IITs? ; Can a person get into an IIT MTech after completing an MSc?What if I do not like coding, what are the other options where I have scope? ; State the relation between wealth and welfare.?How good is Intel Celeron for gaming? ; What kind of a processor is an Intel Celeron 900?How do pelicans protect themselves from predators? Who are their predators? ; What are predators of seals?What is the solution to this question? ; What is the solution for this question?What is the best way of session management in REST architecture? ; What would be the best way to create a baseline for a data warehouse that I am about to manage?What are some fun games to play at a co-ed baby shower? ; What are some baby shower games that are actually fun?Is it safe to use a mobile's earphones in a laptop? ; How do I share Internet on my laptop's WiFi connection using a mobile 3G- or 4G-modem?How would an arbitrageur seek to capitalize given the following conditions: S0 + Pa (S0,T,X) < Ca (S0,T,X) + X (l + r) ^(-T)? ; How would an arbitrageur seek to capitalize given the following condition: S0 + Pa (S0,T,X) < Ca (S0,T,X) + X (l + r) ^(-T)?What does Dying Light season pass come with? ; What is the Dying Light season pass?What are some signs that an introvert boy loves you? ; What are some signs an introvert guy likes you more than a friend?Who tipped Hank off before he was attacked in Breaking Bad season 3? ; Breaking Bad (TV series): Why don't Hank and Marie have any children?How do gay men react to yaoi manga which are usually popular with straight women? ; What do gay men typically think about yaoi?Who is the next president of USA? ; Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?What is your honest review of Dangal (2016 movie)? ; What is your review of Dangal (2016 movie)?What are plate boundaries? What are some types? ; What are plate boundaries?What are the flash point and fire point of diesel? ; What is flash point?Are the "benefits" of negative ions proven? Or are they a myth? ; Does body have positive ions or negative ions? Which is good for health?Why are fruits so expensive in Japan? ; What is Japan really like?In a given cell, is DNA a single molecule or several separate molecules? ; What is the number of sugar molecules in DNA?Which laws been enacted to prevent family members of a president from serving in his cabinet? ; How democratic is U.S? Why same family member running for U.S presidency?What is the best martial art for self defence? ; What is the best martial art for practical use?Why do some people bully others? Why some of them have pleasure on bullying others? ; Why do people bully others? Whats the point behind it?How do I reduce my belly fat easily? ; How can I reduce belly fat and overall weight?How was your experience of having sex with a prostitute or call girl in India? ; Which statutes have the power to call for records in india?What is working of multiple profiles in titanium backup pro? ; How can I create a bootable backup of my MacBook Pro on an external drive on a daily basis?Are NDA/IMA cadets allowed to go out of their academy campus? ; What are the punishments given in the OTA, IMA or NDA?Where Can I find the best seo company? ; Where is best SEO Company in India?Which is the best bank to open an NRE account with? ; Can I open an NRE and an NRO account in one bank?Do people regret their tattoos often? Even if its a good tattoo? ; What are the reasons that people regret getting their tattoos?What are the statistics for serious injuries caused in competitive MMA? ; What are the statistics on serious injuries caused in competitive boxing?How can I learn good English speaking? ; How can I become fluent in English?Which one do you prefer watching over and over: Game of Thrones or The Lord of the Rings? ; Which one do you prefer, The Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones?How long does it take to code a simple app? ; What are the best simple note-taking web apps?How can I tell my brother not to tell his girlfriend about everything that happens at home? ; How can I get job offers abroad in Tamil Nadu?Why don't nuclear submarines use aft torpedoes? And why do most US subs only have four tubes? ; Why do Typhoon-class submarines have swimming pools inside? Isn't that a waste of space that could be used to store more food?Why invest money in Supertech Crown Tower project? ; In season 1, episode 3, why are the Lannisters so willing to lend the Crown so much money?What are examples of sentences using the word "compare"? ; What are some examples of sentences using the word "hospitality"?What's 1 popular or rock song that's in 3/4 time? ; What's one popular or rock song that's in 3/4 time?Who are the best Internet service providers in San Francisco? ; What's the best residential ISP in San Francisco?What relation is my dad's cousins to me? ; My cousin keeps trying to touch me. What can I do?Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Montenegro and what should people know about them? ; Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Iceland and what should people know about them?What do you think of Supreme Court's decision of playing National Anthem in all cinemas? ; What are your views on Supreme Court decision of must National Anthem before movies?Do girls also have fake account in Facebook bearing male names? ; Do girls have fake account in Facebook bearing male names?Which is the best selling DSLR in 2016 in India under 60000? ; What are the best DSLR cameras within Rs. 60000?What is the name of a movie in which the lead actor has a habit of writing the name of every woman he makes love with in his copybook during sex? ; What is the name of the lead actor in movie Miss teacher 2015?What's the difference between 32GB eMMC and normal 500Gb, 1 TB, 320 GB hard drives? Does it mean, that only 32 GB space is available to store data? What makes eMMC so special? ; Is it possible to replace an eMMC hard drive on a laptop?How do I listen to the brain and the heart and follow intuition? ; How does one listen to their brain instead of their heart?How does the Laravel authentication work? ; How do I manage authentication on Laravel microservices?How many questions does Jimmy Wales answer on Quora per day? ; How many questions does Jimmy Wales get asked in a day?What is that 80's song that has a chorus of "woah oh oh oh"? ; What is the song that goes like "Woah oh oh oh woah oh woah"?Why do men love anal sex with women? ; Why are some men obsessed with anal sex?Should Shashi Tharoor be the face of Congress? ; Why did Shashi Tharoor join the Congress?How is the restaurant business? ; How do I get out of the restaurant business?What's it like to work at Best Buy for your first job? ; What is it like to work for Best Buy?What is the basic difference between bacterial DNA and human DNA? ; How does viral DNA differ from bacterial DNA?Which is the best reference book for C language? ; What are some of the best books to learn C#?How do I make reading a habit? ; How do I make a good habit of reading a book?Is there a way to find my iCloud password without security questions if forgotten password? ; What ways can someone reset my iCloud password? My iCloud password was changed. Wouldn't they have to know my security questions?My ex dumped me but wants to keep in touch. Could there be a chance? ; Should I get back with my ex, who dumped me 2 years ago, now that she wants me back in her life?Why is the term "research" used instead of scientific investigation? ; How could neutrinos be used for scientific research?What are some good school life hacks? ; What are the best school life hacks?What is the difference between a "receiver" and a "recipient"? ; Slang: What is the difference between "yep" and "yup"?What free online course can I take to learn how to be an expert in drawing? ; What are some best online courses to learn Drawing?How do you calculate the distance between Earth and the Moon? ; How did they calculate the distance between earth and the sun?What does the phrase "sometimes there'a a line in between" mean? ; What does the phrase "sometimes there's a line in between" mean?I want to offer my private car (without a driver) on a monthly rental basis to Uber/OLA or any office transport service/rent a car service in Kolkata. How much rent can I expect? Which one is the best option? ; I am from Mumbai and I am planning to buy a cab and run under Uber. Is it profitable? Which car should I purchase?How do small wearable devices (like Fitbit) exchange data with a server? What sensors/chips do they use? ; How can I use and implement sensors with different devices? How do I use the data in any app? I wanna build a system with sensors (GPS, vibration).How will H1b visa impacted under Trump presidency? ; Will Donald Trump end the H1B visa program entirely, if elected President?What would Deadpool think of the Joker? ; Is Deadpool a comedy or action movie?What are the laws, schemes and steps Indian government has taken in order to reduce or abolish beggars? ; Does the Government have any scheme for beggars in India?Why did Ecuador cut Julian Assange's Internet access? ; Is Ecuador right to limit Assange's internet?What was the reaction of people in offices holding black money after the ban of Rs. 500/Rs. 1000 notes? ; What people with huge amount of black money will do after today's bold decision by PM Narendra Modi to ban 500 and 1000 notes?How do I calculate the diameter of a solid shaft at max torque? ; Find the max permissible torque of a solid circular bar?What sunglasses suit a man's face? ; What is so attractive about a man in a suit?Why do I feel so angry? ; Why am I so angry?How can I improve my English writing skills by myself? ; How do I improve my English with creative writing skills?How can you tell if you've been blocked on Facebook Messenger? ; How can one stop receiving messages from someone on Facebook's messenger without actually blocking them?How do I use Jio in 3G phones? ; How is Jio 3G?Is Donald Trump fit to be the President of the United States? Why or why not? ; Why will Donald Trump be a good president?What do you think about Barack Obama? ; What is Barack Obama doing now?How can I get Twitter to give me a suspended account handle? ; Why was the Twitter account @Bill_Nye_tho suspended?What is the difference between validation set and test set? ; What is the difference between a training set and a test set?What is your review of The Evil Dead (1981 movie)? ; What is your review of Evil Dead (2013 movie)?How far is the Sun from Earth? ; How far is earth from the sun?Which is the best rap song? ; Which song is the best rap song until now?Why is the coolant reservoir overflowing? ; Is it bad when coolant bubbles?What is Hotelling’s principle? ; What is principle?What is the fastest land mammal? ; What are the South American Land Mammal Ages?Can anime exist in a multiverse? ; Can anime exist in a parallel universe/multiverse?What are the differences between quantum chemistry and quantum physics? ; What is quantum chemistry? How differentiates it from quantum physics?How does someone write a poem? ; Can anyone write a poem about a poem?How do I become a scriptwriter? ; How become a scriptwriter? How explai my story?Do soulmates or couples who are seemingly made for each other look alike in facial features? ; Are couples that look alike more likely to stay together?How long does promethazine stay in your system? How can you get rid of it faster? ; How long does acetaminophen stay in your system? How can I get rid of it faster?What are some example of inventions from the Bronze Age that are still used today? ; What are some of the inventions from the bronze age? How are they still used?What was the scariest moment ever, in your life? ; What was the scariest incident of your life?What does it mean by world and world coordinate in computer graphics? ; What is Type checking?Which is most erotic book to read? ; What are some erotic books?Why the Modi government ban the 500 and 1000 notes? ; Why did Modi scrap Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes? And what's the reason for the sudden introduction of the 2000 rupee note?What are the most annoying types of highly upvoted answers on Quora? ; What are some of your highly upvoted answers on Quora?What is the difference between a indian girl and american girl ; What is the difference between American girls and European girls?Why are you feeling happy today? ; What makes you feel happy today?Are foxes more closely related to dogs or cats? ; What is the cutest thing your pet has ever done?How can I lose 20 pounds in 3 weeks without feeling inconvenienced or jeopardizing my health? ; What are some ways to lose 20 pounds in 3 weeks?What does it feel like to play poker with Dan Bilzerian? ; What if Dan Bilzerian was on Quora?How can I gain weight and Height? ; How can you increase your height?Why allopathy approve masterbation? ; Does allopathy approve masterbation?How has identity changed? ; What's the easiest way to change your identity?What is the flight time from London to Geneva? What are some useful tips to get through so many connections? ; What is the flight time from London to Geneva?I am a 25-year-old girl and still single. I'm a little bit worried that I will be single my whole life. Should I take blind dates and choose one to marry, even if it may need sacrifices? Or should I plan my life without thinking about marrying and believe Mr. Right is on the way? ; I am 26, a woman, and one who wishes to remain single my entire life. However, when I see my friends getting married or in relationships, I feel I may be missing out a little. How do I end this feeling and stick to my resolve?Which is the best budget laptop under 50,000 INR? ; Which laptop should I buy for 50k INR?Will digital marketing a good course to learn? ; Digital Marketing colleges in India?What martial arts did Bruce Lee study? ; What was it like to study under Bruce Lee?What is the biggest mistake you made in your 30s and what did you learn from it? ; What mistake have you learned the most from?What do you mean by an introvert? ; What is your definition of an introvert?In comics Tony is one of the few who welds the infinity gauntlet should we expect him to do something like that in future infinity wars movie? ; My mother is suffering from insomnia.what should I do?What can we do for hair loss? ; What's the best treatment for hair loss?What would be the quadratic equation for the roots 2+√2 and 2-√2? ; What is the quadratic equation?Is Israel funding ISIS? ; Are Israel and ISIS allies?How do I convert numpy arrays to MATLAB arrays? ; Is it possible to export numpy arrays to Matlab?Why can't India get more medals in every Olympics? ; Why is India failing so miserably at the Rio Olympics?Which is the better nucleophile alcohol or water? ; Why is ammonia a stronger nucleophile than water?Do you like being lazy? ; Can being lazy be good for you?How do I reset my Gmail account password? ; How can you recover your Gmail password?Do you think India will be able to curb blank money? ; How can Seychelles help India in curbing black money?Where is the worst traffic in the world? ; Which cities in the world face the biggest traffic problems?What do you fear most about getting old? ; What scares you about getting old?What is the most disturbing dream you've ever had? ; What is the most bizarre dream you have ever had?What can I do when the police won't do anything? ; After an assault, can a victim press charges if the police won't?What will happen to the old notes which will be taken back by the government? ; What will happen to the old notes that are deposited to the banks?Which are the best places to learn Spanish abroad? ; What is the best place to learn the Spanish language?Is The Force Awakens the exact same plot as A New Hope? ; Is it just me, or does Star Wars the Force Awakens copy the New Hope?How do you become more intelligent? ; What can I do to become more intelligent?Is homosexuality against the laws of nature? ; Is homosexuality natural?What is the best iphone keyboard? ; iOS 8: What is the best (third-party) keyboard to use?Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Salween River? ; Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Nile?Does Sound Engineering come under STEM? ; Which engineering college comes under tier II in India?Is premarital sex ok? ; Have you had premarital sex?How can you break a lease in Colorado? ; What are some tips for breaking a lease?What are part time jobs that can work from home? ; What are some of the best paid part time jobs that can be done from home?What is difference between subject and object? ; What is the difference between objective observation and subjective interpretation?What can I do to become an automobile engineer, after graduation in mechanical engineering? ; What can I do after graduation in mechanical engineering?Is Stevie Wonder married? ; Is Elizabeth Holmes married?Can the world's oil reserves be depleted? ; Can the world's oil reserves ever be depleted?Why do bad things seem to happen to good people? ; Do bad things happen to good people? Or do bad things create good people?Can you own a pet sloth in Colorado? ; Can you own a pet sloth in California?What TV series do you watch and why? ; Which TV series should are worth watching?Are Greek gods real? ; Do Greek gods exist? Why or why not?How do I find the salary for each character in Les Misérables 2012 movie? ; Les Misérables (2012 movie): How did Marius and Eponine meet?How can I use crying to release buried emotional pain (loneliness, a bit of grief)? ; How can we get the facts on politics when there is always two sides to the story?How come ISIS has never attacked Israel? ; Why are there no ISIS attacks on Israel?Aadhar Card: what should one do with URN No of 12 digits when website asks for 14 Digits? ; I lost my Aadhaar card sometime back. I don't have Aadhaar number, the receipt, nothing. How can I get a new Aadhar card without having any knowledge of the lost one?Why informatica mdm? ; What is Informatica MDM?Can betting on horses make me 10 million a year like bill benter? ; Can betting on sports make me 10 million a year like bill benter?Which programming language is in demand in Australia? ; Which programming language will be in demand?Why do you get taxed on minimum wage? ; Why is there a minimum wage?Is it possible to root an iOS into an Android phone? ; Is it possible to run iOS apps on an Android phone?How do I address formally two persons in an email? ; I forgot my password and the email address I used to create my Snapchat account. How can I log in or at least change my email address or password?How do I prepare for my eco hons entrance exam for presidency university? ; How I prepare for an NICMAR entrance exam?What is your greatest professional achievement? ; Which is your greatest achievement?What companies will Apple acquire in 2015? ; What companies did Apple acquire in 2013?What is the definition of notorious service? ; Who was the most notorious sniper in all of history?Does Instagram support GIFs? ; How do I get more followers on Instagram?If infinite dark/vacuum/gravitational energy can be created as universe expands, does it mean that their potentiality or potential energy is infinite? ; If more vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created as universe expands can infinite of these be created as they appear without limit?How do I increase my concentration? ; How do we increase concentration?What books can I read to learn more about secular Buddhism? ; Which books should I read to learn about Buddhism?What is the timing and day of Comedy nights bachao taza telecast on colors? ; What is the most productive time of your day and why? Are you an early riser or a night owl?What do men think is the best hairstyle on women? ; What is the best gel/wax/pomade for a modern slicked back hairstyle for men?What makes you confident? ; What makes you feel most confident?Which are the best songs/music that can be listen while working out? ; What are the best songs to listen to while running/working out?How can I make people want to be with me? ; How do I make other people want to be around me?Why has apple stopped innovating? ; Has Apple stopped innovating?What are the best mobile app development companies in UAE? ; Who are the best mobile app development companies?Why do dogs and cats do not get along? ; How do dogs and cats get along?Is it possible to retrieve an old conversation transcript from Kik Messenger? ; How popular is Kik Messenger in India?How much is a Wm Rogers spoon worth? ; Is there a difference between Jewish communities and Jewish believers in Jesus?What are current rush hour traffic patterns like in the San Francisco Bay Area? ; Where should I move to from the San Francisco Bay Area?How is Queen Elizabeth II's health? ; How is Queen Elizabeth II related to Queen Elizabeth I?How do you tell someone you don't love them? ; How do I tell someone I love them?Is it possible that a married man can truly love his other woman if he doesn't want to let her go but the latter wants out already? ; Did prophet Muhammad order any man, other than his adopted son Zayd, to divorce his wife so he could marry her?What are the best haircuts for round faces? ; What is the best haircut for women with round faces?Will an MS from NUS in electrical engineering provide good job opportunities in India? ; Is the MS from NUS have any value in India? (from job point of view)How much does an actor in a commercial get paid? ; How much do star actors get paid for major voiceover roles?SOS: I forgot to take the piece of tissue paper out of my trousers' pocket before washing them with my other clothes in my washing machine. Now all my washed clothes are full with residue of that piece of tissue paper. What's the best solution to solve this problem? ; What should I do if my clothes smell bad after washing them?What is the difference between a motif and a domain in a protein? ; What is the structural difference between a protein and a peptone?Does SAP certification matter a lot to fetch the first job ? ; How should I increase my chances of getting a SAP profile job (without having to get a certification as it is pretty expensive)?Is astrology true? Should we believe it or not? ; Do you believe in horoscope?How does teenage pregnancy affect education and society? ; How does teenage pregnancy affect education?Is career launcher's study materials good for CLAT? ; How is the study material for CLAT from career launcher?How can I know if someone blocked me from their moment on WeChat? ; How do I know if someone block me on their wechat moments?Can a 32 bit processor run 64 bit OS's? ; What does it mean to have a 32 bit processor running 64 bit OS? Is it even possible?What is the importance of determining the epicenter of an earthquake? ; How much time does it take for an earthquake of a 7 to 8 magnitude to reach its peak level in its epicenter zone?How do you pass time while waiting? ; How do I pass time?Can piperlongumine cure cancer? ; Why is the cure for cancer so elusive?What are some great applications of IC 741 (for a simple electronics project)? ; Electronics: Why the enable pin of most of the IC's is active low? Does it have any significance?Which or what are the best laptops under 35 to 40000 in India? ; Which is the best laptop to buy under 40000 INR?Was Mozart deaf? ; Was Mozart a very abused man?Can I use Google Allo on my computer? ; How can I use Google Allo on Xiaomi Mi tablet?How imminent is world war III? ; Will there be a World War III soon?How can I get more views on YouTube videos? ; How can I get more traffic to my YouTube videos?Can you follow someone on Facebook without being their friend? ; Do you follow all your friends on Facebook?How can Jio work in a 3G phone? ; Can I use Jio sim in 3G handset phone?How often do Bill and Hillary Clinton see each other? ; How might have Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham each turned out if they hadn't met at Yale Law School?How did Donald Trump win the 2016 US Presidential Election? ; How did Donald Trump win the election?How many vacancies will be there in ssc cgl 2016-2017? ; How many vacancies are there for SSC CGL 2015-2016?What are DOM charges in SBI? ; After demonetization, RBI announced that there is no service charge on debit card usage. Then why is SBI charging DOM surcharge for petrol?What are the trickiest questions asked in an interview? ; What are the trickiest questions that tech companies will ask in a job interview?Who colonized China? When? ; Why didn't China colonized Africa like the Europeans?Why is carbon such an important element for life? What is its purpose? ; Are all chemical elements capable of forming life (like carbon does on Earth)?How do I make a unmanned aerial vehicle? ; How we can make drones?How did caterpillars evolve to digest themselves in the cocoon? ; What is the evolutionary advantage of metamorphosis?How do I root an HTC Desire 826? ; How do I root htc desire 826?Can Obama legally declare martial law and suspend the elections? Given the recent revelations, would congress actually allow him to do this? ; Will President Obama declare martial law and remain in power if Trump is elected?Which of these is better for an MBA- IIFT-Delhi, MICA (Mudra Institute) or IMT-Gaziabad? ; How good are the job placements for MICA (Mudra Institute of Communications) Ahmedabad? Does anyone get an international offer?How do I capture HTTPS packets between the Internet and Chrome Browser? ; Why do most people of other countries know about India but don't know anything about Bangladesh?What are Hillary's qualifications to be president? ; What are Hillary Clinton’s qualifications to be President?What are the hacks in daily life? ; What are the best hacks that we can use it in our daily life?Are there any Diwali offers available in Bangalore and Chennai? ; Are there any engineering colleges in Bangalore that offer biomedical engineering (not biotech)?Can I turn off my PC during external HD formatting? ; What would be the life of a hard disk (external) if it is kept turned on every day or switched off very rarely?Who are the most underrated actors/actresses in bollywood? ; Who is the most versatile but underrated actress in Bollywood?What are the best interior design institutes in india? ; Which is the best interior designing institute in Delhi/NCR?Why is the prime minister more powerful in India whereas the president is more powerful in the US? ; Compare the powers of President and Prime Minister of India?How will demonitization stop black money? ; Will the demonetization really eradicate black money?Why does only lithium react with nitrogen while the other alkali metals do not? ; Why and how do alkali metals react with iodine?What should be the first text to a girl whom you just met? ; How do you text a girl you just met?How do I improve my Chemistry score in NEET? ; How do I improve my score in NEET 2?How do I make friends once and for all? ; How can you make a friend?AIIIMS OR USMLE Which is the tougher post graduate exam? ; Which exam is harder, the USMLE or the bar exam?What are some iconic quotes about Rahul Dravid? ; Cricket Players: What are some great lines said for Sachin Tendulkar?Have you ever met an upcoming actor, actress or singer who you knew would go far in their career? ; What is the best performance ever by a leading actor/actress in a TV series? Why?What are some interesting sites on the deep web? ; Are there ways to access the dark web other than Tor, I2P, or Freenet?What's the best pickup line you have heard? ; What are the best pickup lines you've ever heard?What can I expect when pursuing a degree in computer science? ; What are the worst reasons to pursue a computer science degree?Can you find someone with a picture? ; How do I Find a persons real name with a picture?How do I become more strategic? ; How does one become more strategic?Audio Equipment: What is the best Headphone under Rs 2K available in India? ; What are the best headphones under Rs. 2000 in India?What are your new year resolutions’2017? ; What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?In act one of "Romeo and Juliet", what are some oxymorons? ; Is the tragedy in Romeo and Juliet fate?What medical condition is associated with a hard pea sized lump under my skin? ; How can I treat a hard pea sized lump under my skin?Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece? ; Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Italy?This yr m giving cbsc board.my tution sir marked me some important question. I followed that.but there is no improve? ; I'm pretty fed up with Quora telling me my questions need improving but not giving me enough characters to improve them! Why is that?What is the Tamil name for "a letter/news that brings joy/happiness"? ; What is the difference between joy and happy?Is a salary of 65k enough to live comfortably in New York? ; Can a family of 4 live comfortably by $1800/salary?How do I remove light scratches from car? ; What are some DIY ways to remove scratches from car?How attractive would you rate your physical traits, on a scale of 1 to 10? ; How good looking are you in your own opinion on a scale from 1 to 10?How can you tell someone who has no ability to feel empathy, that they are lacking empathy specifically when they are convinced they do everything to please other people? ; What is the best way to develop empathy?Why does Harry Potter wear glasses? ; If Harry Potter is so magical then why can't he fix his eyesight?Do you believe in the theory of "Ancient Aliens"? ; Why do people believe in the ancient aliens theory?How do startup employees consistently work for such long hours? ; As a employee working in a startup, how many hours per week do you work in average?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Johnson County IN? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Johnson County GA?What are the different types of pit bulls? ; How can you identify a Gotti / Razor’s Edge pit bull?What is awesome? ; What is awesome? Why?How is the word 'education' used in a sentence? ; How is the word "obstinate" used in a sentence?Does money mean success? ; Does success mean to have money or does money mean to have success?How can I create a smartphone for the OS I’ve created? ; I just got a big promotion at work which was supposed to come with a comparable salary increase. However, today my boss came to me and said we would like you to create your own bonus scheme. I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity, tell me how I can be creative and respond back to her?What are best Hollywood movies? ; What is your best Hollywood movie and why?Why are some questions marked as "needing improvement" when clearly they do not need improving? ; Can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving?I recently helped my friend sell his land. Should I file tax returns? If so what would be the calculation?total income = 22 L ; If my 1042s form is not received and the withholding company doesn't respond to my request, what should I do to file my tax return?Is black hole a gateway to another universe with different laws of physics? ; Would a black hole be the exit of this universe?If more vacuum energy appears with expansion and it has no limit, can infinite of this energy be created? If yes is energy infinite? ; How is dark/vacuum energy created with the universe conserved if it is not conserved? Can infinite of these be created?Why do women leave their marriage? ; Why do women marry to leave their parents?What are the best historical books on John Muir? ; What are the best C++ books?How can I change the file upload size on WordPress? ; Wordpress: Sometimes I need to upload a file that is larger than themaximum upload file size  and I am stopped because the max upload size is 8mb. So, How can I increase the maximum file upload size in WordPress?How can I cure vitiligo? ; I have vitiligo. Is there any cure for it or is there a medication for it?What should be the timeline for applying to a us university for undergraduate (I am in 11 standard)? ; What is log+ (where "+" is a superscript)? Is it the same as ln?How do I find a translator? ; How would you translate "一百回"?How do you motivate yourself to study? ; How can I motivate myself to get into study?How do I know whether a person is lying? ; How do you know if a person is lying?Do guys like skinny girls or girls who are thick? ; Do guys prefer skinny girls?How can I promote my business in Twitter? ; How do I promote business on Twitter?What is the best gift you've received? ; What is the best tangible gift you've ever received?How can I start up a small business? ; How do I find investors for my startup?How does a PC makes me powerful? ; Is it possible for a country like India to be caste free?What's a good workout program and a diet for a 14 year old male? ; What's a great workout program and diet for a 14 year old male?Is sex necessary in a relationship? ; How important is sex in a relationship?What is diabetics? ; What is diabetes?What are some alternatives ways to lose 30 pounds in 1 month? ; Which exercises can boost you enough to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?How do I keep the faith when everything is going wrong in my life? ; What is the purpose of life?How do I get rid of scalp acne? ; How do I get rid of face pimples?Which are the must read news columns/blogs in the International/National media? ; What is the best blog to follow the world news?What are the best job fairs near Detroit? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them? ; What are the best job fairs near Atlanta? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?Does Tango currently offer new employees stock options or RSUs? ; Does Uber currently offer new employees stock options or RSUs?Can we start a sentence with" as well as"? ; Can you start a sentence with "it"?What prevented Harry Potter from becoming an Obscurial? ; Why wasn't Harry Potter an Obscurial? ﻿What is the best way to make ourselves happy? ; How can we make ourselves happy?What can I do to get better grades next quarter? ; How can I get better grades?What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on real estate sector in India? Can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term? ; How will real estate prices be affected in India after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?How has German preserved its grammatical cases while most other Germanic languages have lost theirs? ; How closely related are German and English?What is the life of ies? ; How is the life of an IES?What are main parts of the circulatory system and their functions? ; What are the three main parts of the circulatory system, and what function does each serve?Can humans control their dreams anytime they want? ; Do dream jobs exist? Can people secure their dream job if they put in their best effort to pursue them?Do we have any solid proof of life on other planets? ; Why do other planets have no life?Why do girls moan during sex? ; Do most people make noise during sex?What would be next strike from PM Modi after Demonetisation? ; What will be the next move by PM Modi to improve India?Which is the best speech you ever heard? ; What is the worst speech you ever heard?What are the advantages and disadvantages of 4G technology? ; What are the disadvantages of wireless communication? What are the advantages?What is the limit of cos^2(1/(x^2)) as x->0? ; What is the limit of cos?What are Accenture's recruitment criteria? ; What is the recruitment process of Accenture?What does it mean to be a writer? ; What does it mean to be a creative writer?Why is a BJT called a "current-controlled current source"? ; Why is current gain of power transistor low?How does London compare to New York City in terms of driving a car and traffic? ; How does Vancouver compare to New York City in terms of driving a car and traffic?Are there any actual and safe swinging groups in Delhi? ; Did anyone try StayUncle in Delhi? Is it safe to go there as a hometown couple?What is the Tumblr story? ; What is tumblr?What is your opinion on the paleo diet for losing body fat? ; What are some of your best tips to successfully lose weight on the Paleo diet?Is Demonitization going to help Indian economy? ; How will this recently introduced Demonetisation improve Indian economy?Why are people not giving Trump a chance? ; How do I deal with being picked on by a teacher?Why were dinosaurs so big? ; The world's largest dinosaur discovered is a titanosaur. How big was his poop?How do you compare and contrast acids and bases? ; How do you compare and contrast the properties of acids and bases?What are the most awesome places worth visiting in Chennai? ; What are some unique places to visit in Chennai?How do I study a lot? ; How do study a lot in a week?What are the best apps for the iPad 2 ; What are the top 5 apps I should get for my iPad 2, and why?Since Voldemort never told anyone about his Horcruxes, how did Regulus Black discover his secret? ; Can Voldemort kill himself without destroying the Horcruxes?What shouldn't I do in India? ; What should I not do when in India?Do I upload the full length Bollywood movies in youtube? ; Does sim 2 of swipe elite plus support 3g?What is the fastest way to pass a drug test for meth? ; How do you pass a drug test for opiates?What does learning how to learn how to code mean? ; What are some of the best ways to learn programming?What are some warm blooded animals and what are their differences with cold blooded animals? ; What are some examples of warm blooded and cold blooded animals?Is suzlon energy worth accumulating at this levels 17-18? ; Is it worth to invest in suzlon energy?How could I get more followers on AngelList? ; How does a startup get more followers on AngelList?I am a B.Sc Computer science student studying at Loyola Chennai. I am concerned about the acceptance/fee structure in top European universities? ; Is a 0.59 hip to waist ratio normal?What is the difference between a monarch, an emperor, and a dictator? ; What is the difference between monarch and monarchy?Which non Arabic speaking countries use Arabic at the UN or other international conferences, meetings and summits? ; Which non Arabic speaking Muslim majority countries use Arabic at the UN?How can the big bang theory be more acceptable than all the other universe creation theories, all just theories, why aren't they equally possible? ; In The Big Bang Theory it can be seen that penny who is a medical representative earns more than Leonard who is a scientist. How is this possible?How do I loose weight fast? ; How do I lose weight fast?How do I set up a restaurant? ; What is the cost of setting up a good restaurant in Mumbai?Why are some of my questions being marked as "Needs Improvement" no matter what I do to improve it? ; Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"How do you make friends in your 30s? I find it that the social circle for most people is mostly formed in their 20s and earlier. ; How do I make close friends in my early 30s? And not just acquaintances? (I'm female if that's relevant)How do make personal assistant like jarvis? ; How do I make personal assistant like jarvis?What is Quickbooks tech support number in Arizona? ; What is the QuickBooks Hosting Support Number?Which is the best Android smartphone in 10000 INR? ; Smartphones: What is the best phone to buy below 10k rupees?How do I stop heroin? ; How do I stop using heroin?Which is the best health insurance plan for family? ; What are the best health insurance plans for family?Why do girls cover their underwear with shorts or spandex underneath their skirts and dresses? ; Why do girls wear black spandex shorts under their skirts and dresses?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Team? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Vantiv?What are the average CPM/CPC rates in India? ; What kind of CPM rates do radio stations in India get?Who is currently winning the presidential election? ; Who is going to win the presidential election?What has a better ROI,  marketing on radio stations or Facebook? ; How does a pirate radio station work?Which mobile is good for 50k? ; Which mobile is good within 20k?Is the character Jane in the movie Predestination a paradox of the time machine? ; What actually happened in predestination?How true are near death experiences? ; Are Near Death Experiences (NDEs) real?How much does U.S. $500,000 weigh in cash? ; Can you be rich with $500,000?How do you recharge a AA battery? ; How can you recharge regular AA batteries?When do I start preparing for the UPSC exam? ; Where from and how should I start preparing for the UPSC?How can you tell if you are a narcissist? ; How can I identify a narcissist?What do you think about the song "Cool For The Summer" by Demi Lovato? ; What do you think about the song "Miracle" by Samra?How many keywords are there in SNOBOL Programming Language in the latest version? ; How many keywords are there in the PROLOG programming language in the latest version?What are the similarities and differences between book, article, journal and website? ; What is the differences between book, journal, article and website?Why do viruses rapidly change their genetic material? ; It is essential for microbes to rapidly change their genetic material?What are ways to commit suicide? ; What is the most painless way to commit suicide?How much profit is generated by a typical software engineer working for a top company (e.g. Google, Apple, etc.)? ; How much disk space is allocated to a developer at top software engineering companies like Google and Facebook?What is the first thing you would do as president? ; If you were a president, what is the first thing you would do?How does putlocker make money? ; If the nerve becomes numb after the decay does root canal become redundant?Should Americans be able to sue Saudi Arabia or other foreign nations for their alleged connections to terrorist attacks (e.g. the 9/11 attack)? ; What would be the repercussions if the US sued Saudi Arabia for funding 9/11 and other terrorist activities?Which is the best book of fluid mechanics and hydraulic machines? ; Which is best book for fluid machinery?Have we ever had a Presidential candidate under investigation by the FBI before? ; Has a presidential candidate ever been investigated by the FBI?Facebook: What is the revenue model of Facebook? ; What is the revenue model of Facebook?Why does phase shift take place in the output of the common emitter amplifier when compared to the input signal? ; How does a phase shift occur in common emitter transistor amplifier?What is it like being an animator? ; What is it like to be an animal?Why do dogs urinate on car tyres? ; Why do dogs pee on cars tyres?Is Ayurveda a science? ; Why Ayurveda is deprived of science?What causes some people to look older than their age and others to look younger? ; Do thin people look older? If so, why?What is the fastest way to lose weight successfully? ; What are the best ways to lose a lot of weight as quickly as possible?Was Michael Jackson all time great dancer with his timing and pure perfection moves? ; Why don’t Irish dancers move their arms?What should I do to get into an Ivy League college? ; I know this is a dumb question, but how do I get admitted into an Ivy League college?How many Vietnamese IQ points have been reduced by the U.S.’ 10 years chemical bombing during the U.S.-Vietnam war? ; How many millions of lives did the U.S save by ending the war early with a nuclear bomb blast in Japan?Who likes more sex, men or women? ; Is sex more pleasurable for men or for women?How do I get into an Ivy League school as a foreigner? ; How can I go to Ivy League school?How can I access government database for a project? ; How can an Industrial Engineer go into the buy side finance?How can I get internship & what's the requirements? ; What are the basic requirements to get internship in a company?How do I get into civil services? ; How do I prepare for civil services?What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Vallenar earthquake in 1922? ; What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Cascadia earthquake in 1700?Computer Programming: How can I make an electronic assistant (like SIRI) with a console app in C++ as my first research project? ; How do I make a virtual assistant like Guile 3D Denise, Siri or JARVIS?Why is sex before marriage a sin? ; Is it a sin to have sex before marriage?What are the national games of different countries? ; Which is the best country to learn genetics?What made you vote for Trump? ; Why did you vote for Trump?Does the TV show "Preacher" have any nudity? ; Does the Preacher TV show have nudity?How good is IFMR? ; What attracts you to IFMR holdings?What are some of the best English movies? ; What is your best hollywood movie?How can one overcome porn addiction? ; What`s the best way to get rid of porn addiction?What is the advantage of brands for using media buyers to purchase advertising space for them? ; Online Media: What are some possible exits for PandoDaily and why would the acquirer purchase them?What does it mean when a boy thanks a girl for being in his life? ; What is reliance jio sim offering?Minimum marks in NEET2017 to get admission in IISC? ; What could cause neck pain 6 months post cervical fusion?Where can I get professional and timely electrical service in Inner West? ; Where can I get effective solutions against bed bug removals in Inner West?What do I do after vomiting? ; What should you do after you vomit?Total no of govt medical seats in Weat Bengal? Bengal ; I want to make world record of having most wives, currently I am married to 6 divorced woman, what is maximum?Why do I love her so much? ; Why do I love her?If intelligent design proves an intelligent creator, why doesn't the same logic also prove a creator of that creator? ; If there is no life anywhere else, despite favourable conditions, does it prove the existence of an Intelligent Creator who created life on Earth?Is it a good time to buy real estate in chile? ; Is this a good time to buy real estate?Is there any way to automatically like Instagram photos with hashtags, using software? ; How can you delete all your pictures from Instagram?How can we become rich soon? ; How does one become rich in 2015?Why do people get cancer? ; Do most people get cancer?Who will win in a fight between Naruto and Sasuke? ; Who would win in a fight in Naruto, Hashirama or Pain?How do I stop being insecure ? ; How do I stop being insecure about myself?Why is it more common to see interracial couples only being black guys with women of other races, than it is to see white guys with other races? ; Can black men run faster than other races?How does renting work in Google Play Movies? ; When do new movie releases become available on Google Play? Is there any timeframe for it?What can Balochistan do to save itself from the atrocities of Pakistan? ; How can USA separate Balochistan from Pakistan?What is the best way to memorize notes? ; How can I memorize my notes?What are the pros and cons of being a cop? ; What are the pros and cons of becoming a cop?If currency notes could be banned why not tobacco? ; Why is the Indian government not abolishing the currency note of 500 and 1000 to reduce black money?How do I achieve good postion being as ETL tester? ; How competitive is the hiring process at John Deere?Why do people still believe in space travel, space probes, nuclear bombs, evolution, 9/11, and missiles? ; Even though APJ Abdul Kalam helped develop weapons of mass destruction such as India's missiles and nuclear bomb, he is still admired and respected, why?How much internal memory is left in HTC One M8 16 gb version after android marshmallow update? ; I would like to root Android Marshmallow on HTC one M8. could anyone please help me on this?Is it possible to pursue a dual PhD? ; Is it good for me to pursue a dual degre?Is there an economical way to travel from Szczecin to Poznan? ; What is an economical way to travel from Poznan, Poland to Szczecin, Poland?How do I research for MUN? ; What is the best way to do an MUN research?How much effect can banning of ₹500 and ₹1000 notes have on people having black money (won't have they invested their money in areas)? ; How much black money will be controlled by banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note?Can the United States win the 2016 election? ; Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election and why?How can I heal from my emotional prejudices? ; I have been working as a office Admin for 7 years now. How can I enhance my career prospects? Do I need to do any additional course?How do you know if someone is a psychopath? ; How do you know if you are a psychopath?Can I use IRCTC eWallet for Tatkal Booking? ; Can an IRCTC UBI prepaid card be used for Tatkal ticket booking at 10 AM?Is there any negative marking in PTE? ; Do we have any negative marking in PTE?How do I prepare for the GATE? ; What should be my strategy to start preparing for GATE 2016 without attending any coaching centre?What are the best lyrics from Sublime songs? ; What are the best lines in any song you have ever heard?What's the difference between cognitive science, nueroscience and psychology? ; What is difference between cognition and cognitive science?How do we know the difference between pasteurized milk and sterilized milk? ; How do pasteurized milk and sterilized milk differ?How do you pronounce the name of the Danish singer "MØ" in English? ; What are the Danish words with a lot of "ø"?What are the most unnatural things that happened to you in an interview? ; What is the most unnatural thing that has happened you?What is the most bizarre small science experiments you've conducted? ; What are the most inhuman experiments ever conducted?Do any PSUs visit IIM ABC for placements? ; Which PSUs visit campuses for placements in India?How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Liberia? ; How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Australia?What is the infant mortality rate for Europe? ; What is the infant mortality rate for Russia?In what ways can I grow taller? ; What are the ways to grow tall?How many calories does 50 good form push ups burn? ; What are some easy ways to burn 50 calories?How do I learn acoustic guitar at home? ; How do I learn playing guitar without formal training?What is the best way to configure the SEO ultimate Premium WordPress plugin? ; What are the best Wordpress SEO plugins?Is there a good tool to visualize Caffe network prototxt file? ; What are some good data visualization tools?How do you know you are ready to tell your significant other you love them? ; How do you decide when you're ready to tell a significant other you love them?Can I reset my Gmail password without having to change my username? ; How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?What is Jeffrey Kearns' opinion on Khan Academy? ; What is Jeffery Kearns' opinion on Khan Academy?I am a B.E fresher & I am weak in programming so which field should I choose…? ; Administration of atropine in organophophorous poisioning?What is an ionic bond? ; What are some examples of an ionic bond?Who is your favourite Impressionist painter and why? ; Can untidy and poor living condition(for years) lead to schizophrenia or other depression?What is the best Python learning book for beginners? ; What is the recommended book to learn python for beginner?Why can't the indian education system improve? ; How can we practically improve the indian education system for better india?What are the biggest Silicon Valley companies? ; Who is the biggest gossip in Silicon Valley?What universities does Universal Health Services recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Universal Health Realty recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?Why should I vote for Trump? ; Can anyone give me a clear, incisive reason as to why I should vote for Trump?Does green tea really help in losing weight? ; How Green tea is useful for reducing fat?What is there at the top of the Eiffel Tower? ; Is there an elevator to the top of the eiffel tower ?What are the advantages and disadvantages of washing one's face with cold water? ; What are the advantages and disadvantages of washing your face with cold water?My boyfriend dumped me because I am not like other girls who wear makeup and fashionable clothes. What should I do? ; Why do people stare at me in the metro and market places in Delhi just because I wear skimpy clothes?Which is the worlds best electric shaver? ; What are the best electric shavers available on the market?Which is best digital marketing course? ; What is the best digital marketing course available online and offline in India and Why?How can people who voted for Obama say Trump is not qualified to be president? ; Why are the undereducated people that overwhelmingly voted for President Obama held in higher regard by the left than the undereducated Trump voters?How can we remove stretch marks from stomach? ; How can you get rid of stretch marks by losing weight?How do I program a Dish remote to my TV? ; How do you program a Dish remote to your TV?What political orientation does India follow? ; Which political orientation does India follow?How can a boy know if a girl likes him or not? ; How do I know if this girl likes me?Criminal Minds (TV series): Why does Dr. Spencer Reid never shake hands? ; What Criminal Minds episodes are based on real life?Which do you prefer, Super Mario bros 3 or Super Mario world? ; How many worlds are there in Super Mario Bros. Wii?Anne wanted to raise 500,000 pesos of startup capital from a venture capitalist rather than arranging a bank loan. To what extent do you agree? ; Anne wanted to raise 500,000 pesos of startup capital from a venture capitalist rather than arranging bank loan. To what extent do you agree with her?How do I read the ammeter of an Enfield? ; Is Enfield haunting in England real?Is moto g4 plus available in retail sailing? ; When Moto G4 Plus 64gb will be available in India?What is correct - Continuous Improvement or continual improvement? ; What is the grammatically correct form, I was born or I was borned?What are some examples of social justice issues in the Bible? ; What are examples of social justice issues?What happened after Kurukshetra war? ; What happened after the Kurukshetra war?How did wheat become a cash crop in Louisiana? What is the economic impact of this industry in Louisiana? ; How did sugarcane become a cash crop in Louisiana? What is the economic impact of this industry in Louisiana?Your girlfriend/wife refused to have an abortion, so you leave and she raises the child. How do you feel about being a deadbeat dad? ; What are places where boys like to be touched by a girl?What is the OBC cut off for IIFT 2015? ; What is the overall cutoff in the IIFT (Indian Institute of Foreign Trade) exam for an OBC (NCL) student?Do people like Bjarne Stroustrup (Morgan Stanley) and Guido Van Rossum (Google, Dropbox) get interviewed? ; What is the IQ of Bjarne Stroustrup?How do airplanes manage to stay inside the atmosphere? Please see drawing. ; Do airplanes need to account for earth's curvature or does gravity do all the work?Do men always initiate conversation if they like a woman? ; Is it okay for a guy to always initiate the text conversation?Who invented light years? ; Who invented the light year?WHAT SCORE SHOULD I TO ADMIT IN KOLKATA BASED GOVT MEDICAL COLLEGE? ; Is gtbit provide admission in next year?What are the things that one should do before they die? ; If you have one last thing to do before you die, what would that be?How do you delete saved Snapchat messages that won't go away? ; How do you delete messages on Snapchat?Why do so many people have an issue with black people getting reparations? ; Do people with depression often have issues with procrastination? If so, why?What are the skills needed in order to get a job in mechanical engineering? ; What skills are required for mechanical engineering?Do I have to pay money if I hit the subscribe button on YouTube? ; I need to make money real quick. Should I start a YouTube career?Where can I watch American TV shows in India? ; Which are the most watched American TV shows in India?What are important things for people intending to major in medicine to know about? ; What are important things for people intending to major in education to know about?Why did Ginnifer Goodwin change her first name from Jennifer? ; Is it possible to change your first and second name in Sweden?What is the membranous system involved in intracellular transport? ; What is cell membrane transport?Where is starch digested? How is it digested? ; How is starch digested?Is dating fun? Should it be? ; Is dating actually fun?Where can I get past papers for IB online? ; How can one prepare for the IB English Language and Literature paper 1 and 2?I am working as AS400 operator. I want to learn AS400 admin, how do I have to learn it? ; Which is the best programming language to learn for hacking? What are some books for beginners?How can I find my all Gmail accounts? ; How can I find all my old Gmail accounts?How is the total energy of the universe zero? Why? ; Why is the total energy of the universe zero?Is it safe to donate money to UNICEF monthly? ; Why do people accept to donate money out of pity?Why are the child rape accusations against Trump being overlooked? ; Why is Donald Trump's new child rape accusation not being covered by media?What is the difference between the drama and play? ; What is the difference between drama and play?Which of Paris, London, New York, Montreal, San Francisco has better quality of life? ; In what ways is New York better than London?Are any of the actors in The Big Bang Theory (TV Series) as big of a geek or nerd as their TV characters they portray? ; What are the most interesting science plots and discussions in The Big Bang Theory (TV series)?Why is liquid ammonia considered a water like solvent? ; Why is water a good solvent? How are other solvents alike?I saw my colleagues partner holding and dancing with another girl tonight. What should I do? ; What sectors of the job market are the most competitive in Oxford, MS?When was Quora launched? ; How did the concept of Quora originate? Who are the founders and what's their background?Who can speak better English: Filipinos, Singaporeans, Malaysians, Hongkongers, Indonesians or Indians? ; Do Singaporeans and Malaysians look down on Indonesians and why?I cannot find the "edit" feature, the … anymore. What happened? ; How is pointer evaluated in vjti?What is the city of Tennessee's nickname and why was it given this name? ; What is the city of Washington's nickname and why was it given this name?Who will be judged by history as more successful: President Obama or the former President G. W. Bush? Why? ; Which president has played more golf during their presidency, Obama or Bush?Is it possible to get out of the friend zone? ; Is it possible to escape the friend zone? If so, how?How do I Import diamonds from India? ; Does china import IT services from India?How should I prepare for a campus interview? ; How can I prepare for interview?Why does $500 trillion rich Rothschilds are not on Forbes richest people list? ; What is the real list of the richest people in the world?How can I access Facebook in China? ; How do I use Facebook in China?How is IKEA furniture made? ; How is IKEA furniture named?What is the fastest way to learn to speak Spanish fluently? ; How can I learn to speak Spanish fluently?Are vacuum fluctuations occuring because the energy in vacuum? Are these virtual particles? ; Are vacuum fluctuations an energy in a vacuum? Are these virtual particles? How do we know there is this energy if they didn't exist? Do they really exist?What is your best Virtual Reality experience? ; What are the top virtual reality companies?What do Indians wish Indian politicians knew? ; What do Indian Politicians lack the most?How effective is a dishwasher for Indian kitchen? ; Should I study formal methods for artificial intelligence & machine learning?How could I become a better orator? ; How can one become a good orator?Can I download Uber driver apps on my Windows Phone? ; What is the best app for a Windows phone to start doing yoga?Which is the best for the JEE Advanced 2016, Aakash iTutor or Plancess video lectures? ; Which is best between these two for IIT JEE ADV preparation, "iProf" or "Plancess"?I'm a 17 year old girl and I'm about to graduate. I want to go to a grad event (‘prom’ w/o dancing) but my mother is worried. What should I do? ; How is xavier college of management in mumbai?How do I registered my moblie number for my aadhar card? ; I have registered for JEE Mains with my Aadhar card details. The Aadhar card that I have doesn't have mobile number on it. What should I do now?How do I change incorrect address in Chennai property tax document? ; What does = and == signifies in c++ programming language?MAC spoofing: How can I get into a protected network by spoofing my MAC address to one familiar to that network? ; How important is to know the MAC address of a PC on a network?What are some of the best life tips? ; What are some of your best life coaching tips?How is the optimal CPU temperature determined? ; How can you determine what the optimal CPU temperature is?What is miscellaneous in an Android phone's storage? ; Which is best Android phone under 10000?What did you write in your admission essay for college? ; What is your admission essay like?Why do people adopt savannah cats? ; Why is my adopted cat hiding from me?Is Bernie Sanders a gay Jewish? ; Is Bernie Sanders gay?What is your favorite hobby? ; What are your favorite hobbies?Why are Syrian refugees going to Europe? ; Why are refugees going to Europe?How will you justify that the rusting of iron is chemical change? ; Is rusting a chemical change?What is the most intelligent question asked on Quora? ; Is there any intelligent question on Quora?How is Ronaldo better than Messi? ; Can Messi be better than Pele?What's wrong with Indian education industry and what are the experienced and expected negative fall outs? ; What is wrong with Indian engineering education system?What should I be afraid of? ; Should I be afraid?What is the best anime to watch when you are bored? ; What is the most boring anime you have ever watched?Is God capable of disproving the existence of science? ; Is science capable of disproving the existence of God?How can I get free funds for my startup ideas? ; How do I raise funds for a startup business idea?What is the best way to programatically ask a question on Quora? ; What is the best way to programatically get the answers to a question on Quora?What can I do to improve my English speaking? ; How can we improve our English language skills?What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Borodino? ; What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Hong Kong?What trivia (and/or little-known facts) do you find interesting about Spain? ; What trivia (and/or little-known facts) do you find interesting about Denmark?Where can I get affordable asbestos removal services for home and business in North Shore? ; Where can I get very affordable home-purchase option in Potts Point?How is Aligarh Muslim University for engineering? ; What is the highest CPI in Aligarh Muslim University?When does a girl accept that she likes someone? ; Why CAT is important?Who were the most notorious usenet trolls? ; Could Quora have been a Usenet group?Can Newton’s Third Law be more clear? ; Can Newtons third law be defined differently, in a more descriptive form?At what valuation did Homejoy raise money in December of 2013? ; Should a wealthy founder self-fund his second startup then raise money at high valuation after getting traction, or raise money at low valuation before any traction?How do I get a cosmologist job in NASA? ; How can one get a job as a physicist in NASA?What are the easy ways to earn money online? ; How do we make money online?What is the best option to respond to Pakistan after Uri attack? ; How India can respond to the Uri terror attack?What are your favorite prophecies in ASOIAF/Game of Thrones? ; What are the prophecies made in Game of Thrones?I want to learn about linguistics by myself. How and where should I start? ; How should I start learning about linguistics?Do I need to pay for Xbox Live on my Xbox One or is it free? ; Does the Xbox One have free internet?Why is public education failing? ; What is wrong with the public education system?How do you track a FedEx package with a door tag number? ; How can I track my shipment on FedEx if I do not have a my tracking or reference number?What are the best recipes for small batch chocolate chip cookies? ; What are some good recipes for Chocolate Chip cookies?How do I speak English fluently at an interview? ; How can I learn to speak English fluently?What can be my new year resolution for 2017? ; What are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017?How many mark should a student obtain in JEE to get a seat in IIST? ; How many marks are required in JEE to get in IIST?Why would you use "if __name__ == '__main__'"? ; Does one need to change Django App name?What are the differences between Ubuntu OS and Ubuntu Gnome OS? ; Will there be any problem if I use Ubuntu as my primary os?How do I make fluffy pancakes? ; How do I make my pancakes fluffier?General Knowledge: What is the smell of nerd? ; What should I do if my colleague is a know-it-all?What is the principle of an HGM ultrafine grinding mill? ; What are the part inside an grinding mill?How do you know who is a beggar? ; Can begging be dropped?What are some techniques to prevent the transfer the vibration from engine to the frame? ; Can Benadryl make you addicted?How can I deactivate or delete my Gmail account? ; What is the best way to delete my Gmail account?How does a skunk spray? ; Why do skunks spray?Desserts: What are some desserts whose names start with the letter 'L'? ; Desserts: What are some desserts whose names start with the letter 'O'?How do I cope with the loss of my wife? ; What is the best way to cope with a loss?What are some examples of parasitic bacteria? ; What are some examples for pleomorphic bacteria?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Reading International? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Frank's International?What are some of the examples of reincarnations in the Hindu Mythology? ; What is the significance of fire altars in Hindu mythology?Why do long distance relationships fail? ; How do I survive in a long distance relationship?Is it okay to recycle a plastic bottle, if the liquids are still inside? ; How can a plastic bottle be recycled if it has some plastic wrappers inside it?What are the chances that Barack Obama will again become the president of the United States of America in the election of 2016? ; How long has Barack Obama been the United States President?Why do I need to read NCERTs for UPSC if I am comfortable with starting out on Standard books like Ramesh S and Laxmikant? ; What magazine should I try to read for UPSC?Where is the cheapest place to buy Dragon Ball Z on Blu-ray? ; What happened to Goku after Dragon Ball Z?Prove that among any K consecutive integers, there is exactly one multiple of K? ; Are most Americsns so brainwashed to not see through Hillary Clintons Corporate and media interests?What is the symbol for coppertone stock? ; What is the oldest symbol?Have I made the right choice choosing Adobe Premiere Pro instead of Final Cut Pro x? ; What are some tips to use Final Cut Pro X?How can I get more answers for my question on Quora? ; Why are my questions not answered on Quora?Why do fashion designers create weird clothes that they don't sell at shops? ; How come fashion designers dress in such simple attire when they're clothes are so ornate?What are macromolecules? What are some examples? ; What are macromolecules, and what are some examples?Was U2 a Christian rock band? ; Why don't the Chinese have famous rock bands like U2, Coldplay, etc.?If you found a genie and had 3 wishes, what would you wish for? ; If you had 3 wishes what would they be?What should I do if my washing machine won't spin? ; What is the best way to fix a washing machine that won't spin?Which is the most inspiring movie for you? ; Which is the most inspirational movie ever?What are the best books for the JEE (Mains)? ; What are some good books for JEE Mains only?How can I make my own Garfield mask for Halloween? ; How can I make my own Mr. Tumnus costume for Halloween?How can I increase traffic to my websites by Facebook? ; How traffic increased for websites through backlinks?What are the books used for GATE preparation? ; Is the GATE mentor book useful for GATE preparations?How will the introduction of a GST (goods & service tax) affect the C&F agents? Will new jobs be created or reduced? ; Is a GST directly or indirectly going to affect the job of tax return filing agents and lawyers?What are abiotic factors and how do they affect the ecosystem? ; How do biotic and abiotic interaction work together to make an ecosystem?What is the most successful religion? ; What's the most successful religion?Where do I find a simple to understand solution on how to lose weight? ; How can I lose 4kg weight?Suppose you are an evolutionist and atheist (as am I), what is your motivation to live if all there is, is life and death? ; What is your feelings as an atheist, if you discover that: there is life after death?What is the best thing to say when someone tells you they are a Trump supporter? ; What is the best thing to say if someone tells you they are a Trump supporter?Can you identify yourself without identifying with others? ; How does one identify with others?Can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight? ; How do I lose weight?Why people don't worship bramha ji? Niether I have seen temples of bramha ji nor festival where people worship bramha ji? ; Why don't people worship Bramha?What happens when I block and unblock someone on snapchat? ; On Snapchat, when you block somebody, then unblock them, but dont add them back, how can they find out they were unblocked?Apart from usual social networking websites, what other websites do you visit everyday? ; What are the best websites to visit everyday?Does the Bible say Jesus is God? ; Where in the Bible does Jesus say he is God?Which protein supplement is best for gym to gain weight? ; I'm in love with an christian lebanese girl that I met through fb, I can´t tell her what I feel about her what to do? I like her for 1 year now …Why do attractive people like attractive people? ; Why do people hate attractive people?How can I shoot a time-lapse of a withering flower? ; How can I shoot a time lapse of a withering flower?How can I train my mind to forget someone I love? ; How can I forget someone I love strongly?What's the best way to get German citizenship? ; How can I get German nationality?Which are the best books for KVPY preparations? ; What are the recommended books to crack the KVPY 2015?What should I know before starting surveys with Surveymonkey in order for them to be reliable? ; Can someone give me the names of some English novels on Mughal and pathan era in India?What is difference between pkcs12 ,pkx and bks file? ; What are the major differences between Java and C#?How do I find my Citibank account number? ; How do you determine a Citibank routing and account number?Why do I keep dreaming about a lover I don't have & who's face I can't see? Why do I miss him every time I wake up? ; Why do I dream about a man I'm in love with but can't see his face?How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India? ; How banning 500 and 1000 rupee can affect black money?What is the worst thing that ever happened to you for being nice? ; What is the worst thing that happened to you because you were nice?From where to download TV shows? ; From where do I download TV shows in India?If universe expands without limit is there infinite potential energy that transforms into kinetic energy (of expansion) all the time? ; If universe expands and more space-time, dark/vacuum/gravitational energy are created with it, can infinite of these be created (potentially)?How do I get rid of mouth sores naturally? ; How do I get rid of sores in mouth?Am I a good fit for TJHSST? ; Does Oracle permit premium processing for I-140 if priority date is current?How introducing 2000 Rs notes which is of higher denomination than the current highest denomination 1000 Rs notes will reduce the black money? ; How the black money be recovered by simultaneously demonetising 500, 1000 notes and introducing 500 , 2000 notes?Is REC (Rural Electrification Corporation) a good stock to invest at the current market price of 135-138? ; Is REC (Rural Electrification Corporation) a good stock to invest in at the current market price of 135-138?Who is Joe Mixon? ; What is arse?Which intersections in Gary, IN are particularly dangerous? Why? What could be done to improve them? ; Which intersections in Toronto are particularly dangerous? Why? What could be done to improve them?What do you think of commonfig.com? ; What do you think of thedcdesigns.com?Where is the famous temple in Chhattisgarh? ; What are the famous caves in Chhattisgarh?I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook? ; How can I log in Facebook without password?How can you tell if a girl is a player? ; How can I tell if he's not a player?Was global warming replaced by climate change because they found there was no global warming? ; Is global warming now called climate change? If yes, why did they change the name?What are the things that the people around you do that annoy you the most? ; What is the most annoying thing that people around you do?Who was the most arrogant person you've met or knew about in your opinion? ; Who is the most ridiculous person you've ever met?How can I know if he's genuinely depressed? ; Now I am 26 years old but I didn't have a spouse or house, I just live on myself with little income, what is the best time I should get married?What do you think of Islamic state of Iraq and Syria (ISIS/ ISIL/ DAESH) ? ; Is the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (Isis/ISIL/Daesh) Salafi?How many girls get rape in Delhi each day? ; How many girls are raped in Delhi in one day?How is it like to work in IT company? ; What is it like to work in the first IT company?How does baking soda and lemon whiten your teeth? ; How do you whiten your teeth with baking soda?If [math] \frac{1}{1} =1, \frac{2}{2} = 1, \frac {3}{3} = 1 ... [/math] why [math] \frac{0}{0} \neq 1 [/math]? ; Division by Zero: If 1/1 equals 1, 2/2 equals 1, and 3/3 equals 1, then what does 0/0 equal?How is Katrina Kaif still surviving in the industry without acting skills? ; Can Katrina Kaif speak Hindi?Is it necessary to do digital marketing course? ; Is there any use by doing digital marketing course?I am mechanical engineer. can I opted for data science profession? How? ; Experiences of IPS?Is it necessary to have sex in relationship? ; Is sex really important in a relationship?Why did Hitler kill Jews people? ; How did Adolf Hitler kill Jews people and why?Are chicken guns still used to test plane windshields? ; Why were chicken guns used instead of stones to test Airbus windshields?Do Christians in Kerala have a Jewish ancestry in them? ; Do Syrian Christians in Kerala have Jewish ancestry?What is the best song to sing in a karaoke? ; What are the hardest karaoke songs to sing?What is the treatment for Prostate Enlargement? ; What are treatments for prostate stones?Why are Confederate flags still popular? ; Why do you fly/display the confederate flag?Where can I get a time machine? ; What can I do if I get a time machine now?Why do countries not want to join the EU? ; European Union: Will Russia ever join the EU?What is the most sensible thing you have ever heard someone say? ; What’s the most morally disgusting thing you’ve ever seen someone do?I am building a trebuchet (about 1.5 meters tall). What are some factors I should take into effect to maximize distance? ; What is the suspenseful bang sound used in a lot of comedy Vines?What is full form and meaning of ABS in cars? ; What is the full form of M/L in body paneling material?Can I make money online? ; What are the easiest ways to earn money online?Why were the polling results and predictions for the US 2016 presidential election so inaccurate/wrong? ; Why were the prediction polls in the U.S. Presidential election so wrong?How does invalidating the current Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes help in weeding out black money? ; Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?How and why do heating elements in ovens break? ; How do you replace the upper heating element on a conventional oven?What is best way to learn java? ; Which is the best website to learn Java?Do women like black men? ; Do you like black men?What are the best one-minute life hacks? ; What are some mental hacks one can use to excel in life?What kind of laptop should I get? ; What kind of laptop should I buy?What is the average woman's height? ; What height should an Indian woman be to be considered 'tall'?What are tangible and intangible goods and services? ; What are the best ways to measure the value of services and goods?Why do people stand in a queue to meet dadis? ; Why do people stand I long queue to meet dadi hirudaya mohini at Brahma kumari centers? Is it right to do so?She says she loves me, but is always dating other guys, ignores me, tells me if I waited 8 years for her why cant I wait longer, what do I do? ; Does covering your mouth and nose actually hide your identity?Does Jimmy Wales use Wikipedia to answer questions on Quora? ; What devices does Jimmy Wales use to answer questions on Quora?Currencies: If a ten-year-old asks me why a US Dollar costs 60 INR, how should I explain it? ; Why do we need to care about comparing US dollars and Indian rupees? Why do we feel sad for inclination in US dollars for 1 INR?What are the bitter truths of going to the US to pursue an MS, as an Indian? ; What are the bitter truths about doing MBA in the US for an Indian?Italy: Are Italians generally racist against black people? ; Black people: Do you feel that Quora is a racist place?What is meant by availability? ; What is meant by "without avail" or "to no avail"?What is the difference between an orthodontist and a dentist? ; What is the difference between an dentist and orthodontist?What is to say in a thank you speech for getting best woman entrepreneur award? ; What is the best way for a straight man to react when a woman says to him, "I thought you were gay"?In how many days whey protein show effect? ; How much whey protein is it allowed to consume per day?Can time travel ever be possible? ; Is it possible to time travel to past?What are some preppy LL Bean boots? ; How long do LL Bean hunting boots last?What essential skillset do you require for Product Manager at Yahoo? ; What essential skillset do you require for Product Manager at Flipkart?Do Anybody know the cut off marks for ST in Assam CEE? ; What was JEE advance cut off mark in 2015?What is the national language of India? ; What are the drawbacks in having Bengali as the national language of India?What are some social class markers in India? ; What are some social class markers in Germany?Why aren't underground cables used for power transmission in India? ; What are the advantages of a city using underground cables?How safe is Russia for foreign visitors? ; Is it safe for black or brown asian people to visit Russia in 2016?Why is the suicide rate high in Japan? ; Why is the suicide rate high in Japan? Why do the Japanese take failure so negatively that they are driven to suicide?At what height from Earth does weightlessness begin and when does the Moon's gravitational effect start? ; At what distance from earth's surface does ɡ0 (standard gravity) end and zero gravity or weightlessness starts?For non specialized person, what is standard deviation - as simple as possible -? ; What is Standard Deviation in Statistics?Does it feel like you will encounter more resentment with Trump and Hillary if you disagree with them -- vs. disagreeing with Bernie and Kasich? ; Who is more likely to win the presidential elections: Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders?How do I increase my height after 22? ; Does swimming increase your height in twenties?Which engineering stream has the most scope? ; Which engineering stream has a good scope in future?What is the meaning of the name Manishaa? ; What is the meaning of name "Suniba"?After completing a prison sentence, would a thief be able to keep stolen goods recovered? ; For how much time human body withstant when current flows?What is the best way to get over an ex-girlfriend? ; How do I get my ex back?Two cards were drawn, without replacement, from pack of 52 cards. What is the probability that they are both kings or both queens? ; Two cards were drawn, without replacement, from a pack of 52 cards. What is the probability that they are both king Or both Queens?Who has the highest IQ? ; Who have the highest iq?What's your idea about islam? ; What do you think of Islam?How are the insurance companies pay benefit given that they have already invested reserves in the start of each year? ; I am about to start a new venture in the form of a website, and I have a few investors who are interested in making an investment in return for a stake in the company. How can I accurately figure out what percent of ownership to allocate to each person relative to his/her investment value?What are the laws of getting a green card due to marriage in US, how do they compare to the green card laws in Portugal? ; What are the laws of getting a green card due to marriage in US, how do they compare to the green card laws in China?What's your favourite Horror movies? ; What are your 10 favorite horror movies?How do I install Microsoft Edge on Windows 7? ; Can I install Windows 7 on a Dell Inspiron 3542?How did you stop your addiction towards playing video games? ; How do you stop video game addiction?Will lowering the age limit of juveniles from 18 to 16 years in India reduce the incidence of juvenile crimes? ; What crimes could get a 15 year old 3 years juvenile detention time?How do I select the best names for an import export business? ; Which bike should I buy under Rs. 60,000 in India?Who is winning the presidential election, Trump or Clinton? ; Who do you think will win Trump or Clinton?How can I find someone. With a picture? ; How can I find someone with a picture?What is capacitive load? ; What is load?What are some interesting areas of communications that I could do undergraduate honors thesis in? ; What are some interesting areas of geology that I could do undergraduate honors thesis in?"Your best teacher is your last mistake." What does it mean? ; Do the best exam passers make the best teachers?Do girls like oral sex? ; Do women enjoy oral sex?What are Some of the best gadgets on 2016? ; What is the best gadget to get?What type of food we should eat to increase our height and lose weight? ; What type of food should I eat to lose weight?Why were impeachment charges raised against Nixon for Watergate and why did he resign when other presidents seem to have done things equally as bad? ; What was so bad about Watergate?What is marmite made of? ; How is marmite made?Why does blood samples don't clot in the samples? ; Why do blood samples clot?5 cc is equal to how many ml? ; Can it be proven that 2+2=5?What is green IT? ; What is green communication?Why is Devil any other than God head of state? ; Why does God give us everything and to hell with all the other animals? Is she obsessed with only us?How does a girl get a boyfriend? ; How do I get a boyfriend here?What app must have this week to make me more happy? ; I am happy with what I earn, but all my friends earn more which makes me frustrated. How can I feel differently about this?What is the difference between sheet, plate, and foil? ; What is the difference between sarcasm and irony?What is the most ridiculous rumour you have heard about yourself? ; What is the dumbest rumor you have heard about yourself?How do continental drifts occur? ; What causes continental drift?What is real Italian Leather? How can you tell its difference from other types of leather? ; Why is Italian leather better than other types of leathers?How can I lose post marriage weight? ; How should one change their diet to lose weight?The decision of Indian Government to demonetize ₹500 and ₹1000 notes? Is Right or wrong? ; What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Andreanof Islands earthquake in 1957? ; What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Arica earthquake in 1868?What are the common withdrawal symptoms of marijuana? ; What are some of the withdrawal symptoms of stopping heavy marijuana use?In India we are using IPv4, but some countries are using IPv6. When will all countries switchover to IPv6? How long does it take? ; Why IPV4 address is 32 bit & IPV6 is 128 bit?How do i avoid sleep? ; How do I avoid sleep so much?What are the psychological reasons for a dominance or submission fetish? ; What is the psychology behind armpit fetishes?Why is it considered wrong to read the Bible cover to cover? ; Do the Koran and Mohammed affirm or reject the Bible? Should a Muslim read the Bible?How does someone get a job as a writer in the comic book industry? ; How can someone break into the comic book writing industry?Are Monsanto crops banned in Canada? ; What are some crops that can be planted in the winter in Canada?What makes one angry? ; What can make me not to get angry?How much does it cost to advertise on ; How much does it cost to advertise on Instagram?Is it legal in Washington for a third party person to screen shot two other peoples conversation and share it without either persons concent? ; Is a secret recording admissible in court?Why do certain Internet videos go viral? ; How do videos go viral on the Internet?Should India go for another war with Pakistan? ; Will India declare war against Pakistan?How can plan a trip for 3 and half days to Goa so as to explore the best of it? ; How do I plan a 7 day trip to Goa that covers the most beautiful places?What are some must-read books for people in their 50s? ; What are some must-read books for people in their 20s?Which is better - an arranged marriage or a love marriage? ; Which is better - love or an arranged marriage?How do I access my Instagram account? ; What can I do to access my Instagram account?How does the tap water distribution and sewage disposal system work in Kolkata? ; How does the tap water distribution and sewage disposal system work in Mumbai?Does yoga really work? ; How does yoga work?How can I increase traffic on blogspot blogger? ; Which SEO tips are required to increase the traffic of a Blogger (blogspot) blog?Which is the best SMS marketing software for sending bulk SMS? ; Which Is The Best SMS Sending Software?How do I know if I'm a narcissist? ; How do I know if I'm narcissistic?How can I restore my lost and unsaved drawing back into paint.ink? ; What should I draw/sketch/paint on my door?How can you determine tartaric acid titration? ; Will BYJU's learning app is good enough to help me with the SEBA board as well as my NEET preparation?Do girls date guys that are shorter than themselves? ; Would any women out there date a man 3-4 inches shorter than you without heels?How do you recover your Gmail password? ; I do not remember my password to my Gmail account, how can I recover my account?What are the effects of pressure groups in India? ; What are pressure groups? How do they affect policies in India?Where can I get professionally qualified & highly skilled painters in Sydney? ; Where can I hire professional and skilled painters in Sydney?Have you performed all of the acts in the Kama Sutra? ; What is Kama Sutra?What is the use of chromatography in forensic science? ; What are the uses of chromatography in forensic science?Why are there no healthy fast food restaurants? ; Why are burgers so delicious at fast food restaurants?What are the changes you observe in people the moment you tell them that you are a Republican? ; What are the changes you observe in people the moment you tell them that you have depression?What does "We going button up" mean? ; How is computer department in Arasan Ganesan Polytechnic College, Sivakasi?Do you believe that everything happens for a reason? ; Do you believe that everything is predestined and happens for a reason?What is the best selling Laserdisc of all time? ; What is a Laserdisc?If 1-4+3=1, 4-2+6=5 and 5-6+7=2, then what's the solution to 3-1+2=_____? ; What is the solution of this:- [{√ (√5+2) +√ (√5-2)} /√ (√5+1)]-√ (3-2√2)?How can I make a girl fall truly in love with me? ; What makes a girl to fall in love with a boy?Dermatology: What are some best practices for treating bacterial scalp folliculitis? ; Does the headscarf (hijab) affect scalp folliculitis disease? Does it make it worse?What were the causes of World War I? ; What were the immediate and most important causes that led to World War 1?Will eating large amounts of yogurt make me sick? ; Will eating bad for one day make me fat?What is the function of mitosis and meiosis? ; What are the four phases of mitosis and their functions?What are Elizabeth Warren's positions? ; Why do you like Elizabeth Warren?How do I become a CFO of a company? ; How can I become a CFO?Will a message still say delivered if you were blocked on an iPhone? ; If I send a message then block the person will they still receive that message?How do I qualify for the boston marathon 2016? ; How do I qualify for the boston marathon?Why is the term "seed" used instead of "rank" in tennis? ; Why do so many high ranked tennis players live in Monte Carlo?What are some ways to warm up a room without a heater? ; What are the disadvantages of using a room heater during winter?Is there any possible way to preserve/store the electrical energy generated by the lightnings? ; Is it possible to store the energy of lightning?What are the best hosting providers for WordPress sites? ; I want to host many WordPress sites on a hosting plan. What is best for it?Should I worry about what people think about me? ; When will I stop thinking about what other people think?What do lovers talk to each other for hours, sometimes stretching into late night? Can anyone give me an insight into what a typical lover's conversation is like. ; Why does my lover leave me for the little things?What is the difference between Worldpay and Stripe? ; What's the difference between a merchant account and Stripe?I have a Tata Photon Plus dongle for the internet connection. Am I the only one suffering from the internet speed going very slow or is this a general problem? ; I can't get speed from my Internet though it was working perfectly fine yesterday. This problem is only on one pc and rest everything is working fine?Do I need to know about nutrition to become a football coach/manager? ; Guitar player always looks at singer?What happens after we die? ; What will happen after I die?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Rhode Island? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in New Hampshire?What is the best facial expression and body gestures given by any actor in a Bollywood movie? ; Facial Expressions: What can you learn about a person by just looking at their face?How can one earn money online without investment? ; Is there any way I can earn money online without any kind of investment?Very strange and weird things happen in my early morning dreams. Where do these strange things come from in my dreams? Do they have any meaning regarding the future? ; What strange thing have you done this month?What does the French 'Mon Amour' mean in English? ; What does this mean in English? (it's in French)What type of probability problems should be modeled as [math]Arcsine[/math] distribution? ; What type of probability problems should be modeled as Cauchy distribution?Will I improve my memory power? ; How can I improve my memory power?Is there any 100 percent of getting placed through freshers world if I have 58 perc aggregate in developer position? ; Getting placed in TCS ITIS stream as a fresher is good or bad?Does Elon Musk belong to freemason society? ; How does Elon Musk thrive on little sleep?Which books can change your life? ; Suggest Books which 'll change your life?Kitchen Appliances: What is the purpose of the metal drawer under an oven? ; Is it safe to put a toaster oven on top of a microwave? Will it damage either appliance?I have 89.6% in 10th, 78% in 12th and 60% in graduation from DCE, what are the chances getting selected in MBA in a reputed institute without work experience? ; My 10th percentage is 83, my 12th is 65%, my CGPA in BE is 6.6, and I have no work experience. Can I get into IIMs?Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Hong Kong? ; Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Portugal?How do I log in my Facebook account if you forgot your password? ; How can I get back in my Facebook without a vaild email or password?What are the main functions of the skeletal system? ; What are the different parts of the skeletal system? What are their functions?Why is the Black Sea so important to Russia if its access is controlled by Turkey at the Bosphorus? ; Why does Pakistan love Turkey?What is the poorest country in the world.? ; Which is the world's richest country and poorest country?Is the ongoing war in Syria is the start of World War 3? ; Is Syria the 'main stage' for a Third World War?Can I get a free Twilio developer account? ; What makes a developer want to utilize Twilio's technology and be a member of the company's developer community?Why do I get bored with things so quickly and easily? ; How come i get bored so easily?What are the easiest languages to learn for an Vietnamese speaker? ; What's the easiest language to learn for a mandarin speaker?What's the best it company to work for? ; What are the best companies to work for and why?I have an MBBS in India and now I want to plan post graduation in Canada. Which are all the exams I have to give? ; I have completed my MBBS from India and would like to do my post graduation from Canada. Which exams will I have to give?What would happen if the color would disappear on earth? ; What would happen if color were to disappear from the earth?Is the book The Greek Myths by Robert Graves suitable for a beginner? ; I use Nivea Men for these huge boils on my face but now they have even doubled. What face cream for men can I use?How can I overcome fear in public speaking? ; What's the best way to overcome fear of speaking in public?Why are all my questions on Quora marked needing improvement? ; Why does Quora always marks my question as needing improvement?What does Shri Narendra Modi as a prime minister expects from the citizens or youth of India? ; What is prime minister Modi expecting from the people of India? Why does he always seems to be in advising spree?Why doesn't Safari display favicons in the tab bar? ; When did Safari add tabs?What is the architecture of the Mesosphere Datacenter Operating System? ; What is Mesosphere pricing?How can I learn how to play the piano? ; Is there a way I could learn to play the piano?Did stuff exist before the big bang, or not? ; Did matter exist before the big bang?What is the Deep Web? ; How do I get to the dark web?Why do I hate girls especially when they like me? ; What computer should I buy if I want to learn programming?I have a verizon lg phone that I dont use, how should I play around with it? ; I have 2 samsung galaxy 3 phones one is on Verizon and the other is on no network. How can I transfer the photos from the Samsung that is not on a network to the one that is on Verizon?What are some unknown or underrated spots in Istanbul that one must visit? ; What should one see, eat and do in Istanbul for a week?Can you compare New Delhi's state governance under AAP and Congress? ; Is Arvind Kejriwal/AAP's Government better than Sheila Dixit ?How can I add an upload button to a Google Form. I see Google themselves have an 'upload resume' on their job application forms (see image below) ; What picture or painting changed your life and why?Why are some stars visible in march but not visible in September? ; Why are stars more visible from a village when compared to a city?Is a married couple without kids still considered a family? ; Can I marry a girl that has same AS genotype as me and still have normal kids?Must every developers learn to use command line and shell scripting? ; What are loopholes in foodpanda?Can I fly if my ticket does not have the same surname as my ID? ; My friend booked a flight ticket from Chennai to Delhi by Indigo. He mispelled his surname as Ahnad inplaceof Ahmad. Will he be allowed to travel?Is being as a gay a psychological disorder? Can we fix by councelling? ; Is being gay possibly linked to a mental disorder?Should I switch to product design from mechanical engineering? ; What is your review of Mechanical Engineering?Is it good if I add some sugar in Green Tea? ; Whether it is good to have green tea in the morning?Are there other equivalents of the Wights in ASOIAF? ; What are some examples of irony in ASOIAF?What kind of conversations only happen in Texas? ; What kind of conversations can only happen in Mumbai?What is the best way to lower SGOT/SGPT levels? ; What is SGPT test of blood?What would happen if you melted a candle on an eyeball? ; Is it okay to mention in Microsoft interviews that I had six packs abs?What does it feel like for a male to date or marry someone who is older than you? ; What does it feel like to be married to a woman who is significantly older than you?Will some day the world become a homogenized society? ; Some people say the world will become homogeneous racially, is this true?Can I open a new SBI account and close the older one? ; Can I open two SBI accounts with different branches with the same KYC?What does the Quran say about triple talaq? ; What is triple talaq?How do I fix Netflix problems on Roku? ; How do you fix Netflix Wii problems?What is the Pixar logo, and what does it mean? ; What does that cut in Microsoft logo mean?What is a local government? ; What is local government unit?Was british raj good or bad for India? ; Was the British Raj good for India?How many numbers between 200 and 300 are such which are divisible by 13? ; How many numbers between 1 and 300 are divisible by 155?How do trans genders live in India? What is their style of life? Do they have customs like all us of do? ; How do trans gender's live in India? What is their style of life? Do they have customs like all us of do?Which is the best accoustic guitar to buy in the range of 15k-20k? ; What are the best guitar shops in Boston? I am going to visit the city soon and I would like to buy a classical guitar.What is the use of structures in C? ; What are uses of structures in C?Which is the best open library in Bhopal for a gate aspirant? ; Why should I not visit your town?How can a non-US citizen/non-resident open a bank account and small business in the United States? ; In the United States, how can a non-US citizen/non-resident set up a bank account online?Which one is better Nikon D5500 or Canon 70D? ; Which is a better DSLR? Canon EOS70D or Nikon d5500?How do we know that 1 second is 1 second? ; How long is 1 second? How is 1 second measured?What is the best way to lose calories fast? ; What is the best way to loose weight quickly?What are the benefits of the egg white? ; Is it bad to eat an egg white when I am trying to lose weight?Why was particularly November chosen for No Shave November? ; How was November chosen for No-Shave November?Is there anyway to bleach your hair when you're too broke to afford bleach? ; How do you bleach hair safely?What are the best online courses for digital marketing? ; Which are the courses on Coursera or other MOOCs to study digital marketing?How can I stop worrying about what other people think? ; How do I stop worrying about what others think of me?How do you know you if you actually don't like something? ; How do you know if you like something?I have completed B.E(EEE), now joined as calibration engineer. what are the calibration courses useful fa this career? ; What is mild rotatory scoliosis?What is the fastest tank in the world? ; What's the fastest tank ever to be made?What are the differences between the Lyft and Uber corporate program? ; What is the difference between Uber and Lyft?What was the best day of your life, and what happened? ; Can you describe the best moment or the best day in your life?Is it possible to build muscles without using weights? ; Is it possible to build muscle without lifting weights?Can I retire with this farm lifestyle and $100,000K savings? ; According to kinetic theory of gases the absolute temperature of a perfect gas is?You've got 24 hours to live, how will you spend your last day on Earth? ; What will you do during the last 24 hours of your life?What is "quality of life" policing? ; What is quality of life?What are the types of pardons that are granted to corrupt presidents in Honduras? ; What was the most corrupt thing Barack Obama did while serving as President?What kind of information is stored in a plane's black box? ; What information is stored on a black box?I need some topic for my journalism dissertation? I'm pursuing my 2nd year in Journalism and Mass Communication under Calcutta University. ; I did BE in electronics and communications. Can I now change my field and go for interior designing or journalism?What is the best way to learn everything in a textbook? ; What is the best way to learn a textbook?What are the variables in JavaScript? ; Are all variables objects in Javascript?I've scored a 77 percentile in the CAT 2014. It's my first attempt, and I have 1.5 years of work experience as of now. Should I reappear again for the CAT 2015? ; I have X% in 10th, Y% in 12th and Z% in Undergrad, what should be my CAT score to make it to an IIM?Are humans truly from another planet? ; Are humans from another planet?What breed is Odie from the Garfield comics? ; How many molars do dogs have? Does this vary from breed to breed?If humans evolved from apes, why are there still apes? ; If it's true that humans evolved from monkeys why is that all monkeys are not evolved yet?What should I do to become an RJ in Indore? ; How do I become an RJ in Hyderabad?In ready-to-wear dresses, often there are ribbon-like loops sewn into the shoulders. What are they for? ; What color shoes should I wear with a silver dress?What does the exclamation point mean in excel? ; What does the exclamation point (!) mean?How can I find the right girl for me? ; How do I find the right girl for me?Is it illegal to not report a crime? ; Is it legal to not report a crime?What is Accelerated Mobile Pages in Google Webmaster tool? How It can be used in SEO? ; In a WordPress site with over 900 pages I see issues in Google Webmaster tools. Should I fix them?Should I choose Redux or Flux for ReactJS? ; What are some of the best ReactJS tutorials?When I delete pictures and videos from my iPhone, will they remain in my iCloud backup? ; Does iCloud backup all my photos from my iPhone?Why did Allah choose Friday for special prayer, Jumma for Muslims, not Sunday or any other day?? ; What is Sunday Special?How do I pass a drug test with baking soda? ; Will baking soda help pass a urine test?How can I specifically improve my English? ; How did you learn to speak English?What evidence would be best to scientifically prove the existence of ghosts? ; What is the greatest evidence for the existence of ghosts?I have completed the theory of all the chapters of 12th std and important ones of 11th . There are 3 months for Jee Mains . How to get 200+? ; I'm completed bsc computer science and working in atos for 4 months with 2 year bond and I got offer letter to join l&t Infotech what should I do?What is the meaning of the song “Love Yourself” by Justin Bieber? ; What's the meaning behind the song "Love Yourself" by Justin Bieber?Which is the best website to learn Java? ; Java (programming language): What are some recommended books, and online resources for learning Java for beginner, intermediate, and advanced programmers?Why does China support Pakistan? ; Why did China support Pakistan? Does it support terrorism?Will Hourman be back on DC's Legends of Tomorrow? ; What's so good about DC's Legends of Tomorrow?Is this workout good enough? ; Is this workout good?How is FIITJEE Delhi? ; This is a general opinion that VMC is better than FIITJEE. Still most of the Delhi toppers are from FIITJEE. Why is it so?How do I get admission in government schools of Delhi for 11th Arts if I am from other state? ; How can I get admissions in a good school in 11th?Could PIE have developed initially in Anatolia, subsequently acquired by the Yamanaya, and spread by them with the wheel and the horse? ; Were Julius and Ethel Rosenberg framed and subsequently murdered by the US government?What is considered sexist now? ; Would this be considered sexist?How do I prepare for a general quiz in Delhi? ; How do I prepare for a general quiz?Does a ketogenic diet really work? ; What is Ketogenic Diet and does Ketogenic Diet really work?What can you do after completing defence and strategic studies? ; Can I do MSc (international relations) after doing my ba in defence and strategic studies?I'm 183cm (6 foot) but I want to be shorter. Does it happen with hormones? Is there any way to get shorter? ; Why have I become shorter in height?What are the best lyrics of Bollywood? ; Which are the best lyrics in Bollywood?What things do general category Indians should know but they don't? ; What shocking things do most Indians not know?How do you take a screenshot of a video on your laptop? ; How do I take video screenshots on a PC?How is demonetizing the Rs 500 and 1000 currencies affects Indian economy? How this affect the black money in Swiss accounts? ; What will happen to corruption money deposited by Indian politicians in Swiss bank after banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?I am looking for good harem anime with a male lead do you think you could suggest some anime? ; Why does the latest anime animation (3D) look so weird? What is a good way to become motivated? ; What is the best way to be motivated?In what website can you get unbiased information on the political candidates? ; Are there any websites that are dedicated to giving unbiased views and descriptions on all the presidential candidates running in 2016?Is CNN biased against Trump? ; Is Donald Trump right that CNN is biased against him?Why my answer was collapsed? ; How does an answer get collapsed on Quora?What is your score in KVPY SA 2016 (aptitude test)? What is the expected cutoff? ; How was KVPY SA 2016?How do I control anger in office? ; How do you control your anger?What was the worst thing to happen to you for being rude? ; What is the worst thing that happened to you for being rude?What are some ideas for projects in data structures using C/C++? ; What projects can I do if I have good knowledge of C language and data structures and algorithms?Why has the RBI launched the 1000 rupee coin? What is the significance of it? ; Is RBI really launching new 2000 rupee notes?Will Hillary Clinton win this election? ; Will Hillary win the election?What universities does Verizon recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities do Qualcomm recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?Danish research on terrorism? ; What are the best reactions on Twitter to the drama at the 2016 Republican National Convention?Legally, does a majority shareholder have to own 50%, 50.1% or 51%? ; For a start-up with two co-founders, is it more beneficial to split equity 50/50 or split 51/49, such that one person is the defined leader?In a meteor shower, why don't we see the meteors rise towards the sky from the horizon? ; How do meteor showers form?Does it annoy you when you answer a question on Quora, and then the question is later edited in such a way that makes your answer look stupid? ; What does a good answer on Quora look like? What does it mean to "be helpful"?Can we tell the person about crush? ; Is it common for people not to wear underwear in your country?Help required ..want to pay house rent (35000)pak rupees and father has died brother is jobless each penny from your side consider me alottt!!! ; Where can I teach underprivileged students in Delhi, I am really good in Science?What are the characteristics of a Totalitarian? ; What are the characteristics of a totalitarian government?Why my friend ignores me? ; What can I do when my friend ignores me?How long does a woman's orgasm usually last? ; What is the best way to get an orgasm?Which is the greatest theft that has happened in the history of the world? ; What is the greatest theft of wealth in history?What is the impact of Indian culture on media? ; What is the impact of Indian culture on other cultures?Where can I find a professional hacker? ; Where can I hire an email hacker?If a genie grants you one wish, what would you ask for? ; If you were granted one wish, what would you ask for?How could I gain weight quickly? ; How can I lose weight quickly?Why do I always become bored in relationships? ; Why do relationships become boring after a while?How can I find my all Gmail accounts? ; Where is my other gmail accounts?How do I watch Amazon Instant Video on Nexus 7? ; How do you watch Amazon instant video?Which comment do girls like the most? ; What is the most inspiring comment one has ever got?What is the difference between c++ and Java? ; What is difference between c++ and java basic not tough?Can we write "attrib -s -r -h *.* /s /b /l" command in admin command prompt for c:/ ? What happens by writing this command? ; How do I repeat a command at regular intervals using command prompt?Why does Quora coexist in a Google world, when so many answers are a simple search away? ; Why do we need to use Quora when we have Google to search for answers?What do people of Pakistan think about Indians? ; What do Pakistanis think about Indian people?What does it feel like to be in a lesbian relationship compared to a straight one? ; What is it like to be in a lesbian relationship compared to a straight relationship?Are humans supposed to be white, black or brown by God's plan? ; How could Eminem rap so fast in 'Rap God'? Is that supposed to be possible by humans, without any fast-forwarding or other technological help?Who won the second debate? ; Who do you think won the second 2016 Presidential debate?How would be the economic relationship between India and America if Hillary Clinton becomes the President? ; If Hillary Clinton wins the presidential elections, how will it effect India's relationship with the US?How can I improve my artist sketches? ; What do you think of my drawings?What would have happened if Afzhalkhan would not have attacked King Shivaji first? ; Has Facebook Live been successful?Am I dumb if I never have to think much? ; Am I dumb? How do you transfer PDF files to a Kindle Paperwhite? ; How is reading on a Kindle?Chinese Food: What is the best way to reheat pork buns? ; What is the right way to reheat food in a microwave?Why do people trust Quora? ; Should I trust answers on Quora?What are the best way to become a cyber security expert? ; How do I become an Information Security Expert?Why Indian govt can't get hold of Dawood Ibrahim in spite of knowing almost everything about him for so many years? ; Can India ever get hold of Dawood Ibrahim? How and when?What is the biggest regret you will have in the future? ; What is the biggest regret?Relationship wise, what are some reasons why a person doesn't reply after an argument? ; If the person you like doesn't reply to messages, what does it mean?What was the significance of Severus Snape and Lily Potter having the same Patronus? ; Would Severus Snape have been more kind if Harry Potter was as good at Potions as Lily?How would it be if Shiva trilogy was made into a TV series? ; Should a TV series on the Shiva Trilogy be made?Has Barack Obama been a successful President? ; How good was Barack Obama as American president?How does our mind work? ; How does the mind work?What is the best feeling that you have ever had in your life? ; What are some of the best feelings in life?What are the three components of the cell theory? ; What is Cell Theory, and what are some examples of it?What are the most annoying questions that you feel ridiculous in Quora? ; What are the most annoying types of questions on Quora?How do I raise funds? ; How do I raise funds for a cause?What are the best methods to do well in the entrance exams of top colleges and catch up with my friends? ; A mute went to a completely new place. He wanted to drink some water in a house owned by a blind person. How will the mute ask the blind person for water?How are the Hunger Games trilogy books? ; Which book of the Hunger Games trilogy is the best?What are some of the most mind-blowing facts about Mumbai? ; What facts about Mumbai would people not believe unless they came to Mumbai?What is the temperament of a Lab/St. Bernard mix? ; What is the temperament of a Lab/Pitbull mix?How can I delete my own question from Quora? ; How do I erase all my answers and question on Quora?Which sex position women like most? ; Which sex position do girls like?What are pros and cons of Mastercard gift cards? ; What are the circumstances around which a MasterCard gift card would not be able to make an online purchase?How did Pancho Villa die? ; Who was Pancho Villa? How did he die?Is it possible for conduction current to be equal to displacement current? ; Is it true that displacement current be equal to conduction current?What is the full form of etc? ; What is the full form of GAHSSR?What should I gift my husband on our first wedding anniversary? ; What gift should I give to my husband for our first anniversary?What is actually happening in Aleppo? ; What is happening in Aleppo, Syria?How does it feel to be an entrepreneur and an employee? ; How does it feel to be an entrepreneur?What are good places to get food on Stanford campus? ; What are good strategies to get laid at Stanford University?What will happen after I die? ; What happens after you die? (Human Being)What is in the Bermuda triangle? ; What do you think about the Bermuda Triangle?What is the solution of Kashmir problem? ; What is solution to Kashmir issue?World War II: How are the cognitive skills needed for submarine aces different from the cognitive skills needed for fighter aces? ; World War II: How are the cognitive skills needed for ground-attack aces different from the cognitive skills needed for fighter aces?Is India better than Pakistan? ; What kept Pakistan from developing at the same pace as India?Which washing machine is the best in India? ; Household Appliances: Which brand is best in washing machine?How do I deal with being emotionally unstable? ; I am emotionally unstable at times. What should I do to get rid of it?I'm interviewing with Facebook at Menlo Park, can I join Seattle team if I pass? ; How is Akshay Kumar considered India's highest taxpayer in spite of him being a Canadian citizen?What is the best introduction to computer science books? ; What is a great introduction to computer science book?What is it like to be beautiful? Not just pretty or hot, but the kind of almost objective beauty that people are sometimes intimidated by? ; Anyway product really helps in hair growth?How much salary does a software engineer gets per month in India? ; Seriously, what is the salary for Software Engineers in India?What was the horniest you have ever felt in life? ; Have you ever felt that the world has dumbed down?Where can I find screenshots of the Facebook News Feed changing over time? ; How has Facebook's UI changed over time?What must I do to have good handwriting? ; What are some ways to get good handwriting?What do you really know about Algeria? ; What do you know about Algeria?Do you enjoy paying your income tax? ; Do I have to pay income tax?How do I make my penis bigger? ; How can I make my penis bigger without surgery?Which is best ejabberd or openfire? ; Should I use ejabberd or GCM?What is the civil engineering? ; What is civil engineering all about?What is the meaning of the Hindi word 'sharbat'? ; What is the English translation of the Hindi word “Chikitsa”?How do I gain healthy weight without eating junk? ; What are some of the best ways to gain weight in a healthy way?What book can you recommend me, that gives an electrical engineer an introduction to financial & business world? ; Can I join naval academy with -2.0 myopia…?Which universirty is good for ms in computer science nz or usa? ; Which country is better for an MS in computer science, the USA or Canada?If one of your wish could become reality,what would you wish for ? ; If you could have one wish what would it be?What are the characteristics of a Pitbull/Chihuahua mix? ; What are the character traits of a Pitbull/Chihuahua mix?Do you like going to concerts? ; Can I go to a concert with friends?What makes you want to vote for Hillary Clinton? ; Why would anyone vote for Hillary Clinton?What is the most translated video in the world? ; Can someone translate this video?Is it normal to just feel happy for no reason and can weather do that? ; Just got my 15 inches cut off my hair. Is it normal that I feel emotional?What are the properties of quantum spin liquid? ; What is a quantum spin liquid?Do people know when you unfollow them on Instagram? ; In what way can I grasp more followers on Instagram?What is the fastest way to lose weight safely? ; How do I lose weight in a short time?How can Activia yogurt aid with weight loss? ; Why do some people think Activia Yogurt can help you lose weight?What do you know about industrial quota seats in Anna University? ; How many seats are in each department at the Anna University?Which chicken breeds are the toughest or most aggressive? ; What is the friendliest and most docile breed of chicken?How do I get tickets for The Kapil Sharma Show ? ; Does Kapil Sharma pay celebrities to come to his show?What does a human being experience in the first few seconds following decapitation? ; Has there ever been a case of a decapitated head speaking to someone, even if just for a few seconds?What do Americans think about Donald Trump? ; What do you think about Donald Trump pick?Do you know about the greatest adornments designed by the fashion designers to beautify women's natural beauty? ; Which is the greatest invention to date?Working model of physics for class 12 related to energy? As we are 3 class mate in a project. ; Is Lenovo A6600 better than Moto G?Which is the best LG refrigerator repair center in Hyderabad? ; Where is the best LG refrigerator repair center in Hyderabad?What does a hair transplant that lasts a lifetime cost? ; What is the cost of hair transplantation?What is the best book on self-development and leadership? ; What are the best books about leadership?What is the best lucky number? ; What is lucky number?What is the best way to learn design patterns? ; What is the easiest way to learn Design Patterns in C++?How can I make someone feel important? ; How can I make anyone feel important?Why can a database table have only one primary key? ; Can phone number be used as a primary key in a database (MS Access) while normalising?Why does more valence electrons mean more electronegativity? ; What's the amount of valence electrons in copper?What is the expected neet 2 cutoff? ; What is the expected cut off for Neet 2016?What should I do after a BTech in CSE? ; What should I do after Btech from CSE?What is the difference between fibre, yarn and fabric? ; Are there yarn shops in Alaska?What suggestion should i given to my younger sister as she leaving home first time for her further education in the urban area? ; Would an LoR written by a colleague who's experience is lesser than the person who's applying be considered for schools like Harvard?What is the difference between collateral and mortgage? ; What is the difference between leverage and mortgage?Acting: What is the difference between film and theatre actors? ; What is the difference between acting in a play and acting in a film?What are the best new 3d printers or inventions that most people don't know about? ; What are the best new smartphone inventions that most people don't know about?Is it true that Arnab Goswami quit Times Now? If so, why? ; Why is Arnab Goswami resigned as the Editor-in Chief of Times Now and ET Now?What is the best music visualizer? ; What is the best software for Visuals synched to music?How do we check PF (Provident Funding) amount in our account? ; I quit my job after 20 days and an amount of 300Rs was deducted from my salary as PF. since it's my first job,they say no PF account number generated?What defines a shallow person? ; How do you define someone as being a "good person"?What one exercise will help me lose belly fat? ; How do i remove belly fat?What advice would you give to a first time visitor to Taiwan? ; What advice can you give to a first-time visitor to Sweden?Does superhuman exist? ; Do superhumans exist?How do I finish 4 essays in 3 days? ; How do I get a job as a software engineer with only 3/4 of my degree finished?What is the career outlook for software testing/quality assurance engineer? ; Is software quality assurance a good career? Why or why not?I lost my phone and sim card...is there any way to activate whatsapp with lost number? ; I lost my phone and I want to recover my whatsapp messages to new phone of same number. Is it possible?As an MFT, how can I increase my income? Other than by seeing more clients. ; How can I have more than one source of income?How will World War 3 be like? ; Is another world war even possible?What are the best questions to ask a girl when you first meet her? ; A girl has offered me to ask her a question. What should I ask?How can one get a duplicate Income Tax Return (ITR)  acknowledgement,  if the original the one is lost? ; Will I get ITR form if I have to pay income tax?Will the value of Indian rupee increase after the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes? ; What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 on the Indian economy?Is Lî Zhì Xù a good Chinese name? ; Is 恬莉 a good Chinese name?What is mining engineering? ; What does a mining engineer do?How do you know if you're a psychopath and how do you change? ; How do you know if you are a psychopath?How could we know that we are falling in love? ; How do you know if you are in love with your crush?What does it mean when a guy asks you to eat you? ; If a guy asks a girl to come over to his place late for their second date, does that mean that he is not serious about her?Why can’t dogs talk? ; Can dogs talk?What's the difference between an LCD and an LED monitor? ; What's the difference between LEDs and LCDs?Why hasn't anyone 3D printed beds for prisons yet to reduce ability to fashion weapons out of metal and therefore reduce violence? ; How do 3D-printed guns work?  Don't they need some metal components?How do you add desktop shortcuts in Ubuntu? ; What is shutdown shortcut keys for Ubuntu 15.0.4?Will we ever find a cure for diabetes or is this condition with us to stay? ; Will there ever be a cure for diabetes?I've recently joined MBBS. I'm panicking as hell about how to study, the right material, everything. Really need guidance. How should I handle this? ; As a doctor yourself, what advice would you give to a student just starting med school in India?What happens when the last Bitcoin is mined (if that is even possible)? Will there still be incentive to run the computers which were mining these bitcoins to run the public ledgers? ; I have got 5 pentium 4 computers that I can run to do bitcoin mining. How much Bitcoins can I mine in a week?How you say lover in Hindi? ; How can police identify a person without an ID?When was the last time you felt completely stress free or happy? ; When was the last time you were truly happy?How does human body produce insulin? ; How does the human body produce blood?What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word sex? ; What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word "Allah"?Why do people want to own an iPhone? ; Why can't the people who manufacture iPhones quit their jobs and create their own iPhones to sell?What is the salary of IIT teachers? ; What is the salary of a professor in IIT?Why is reducing individual and societal ecological footprint necessary and important? ; Why is the significance of animal husbandry and importance of reducing meat consumption largely ignored by environmental organizations?How can I stop mouth breathing while sleeping at night? ; I've got three sleep paralysis last night? How can I stop this?How often should you apply a face mask? ; Can we use two face packs a day? And how often should we use a face pack?I used to be a very bright student at the time of my schooling but after joining my college I am not able to score marks, not even close to what my potential is. I study more than most of the people, still something is going wrong somehow. Any thoughts on this? ; Even after studying for hours daily I was not able to score good in exams . Now I am feeling demoralized since my friends score more than me even after spending less time studying .? What should I do?Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in The Bahamas? ; Why is salt water taffy candy either imported or unknown outside the USA?Why do you not believe anything in the Bible? ; How can English be a completely different language after one millenia? Will it be different in another millenia?Do you put a top coat on matte nail polish? ; Do you put top coat on matte nail polish?How would you describe the relationship between the United States of America and the Philippines? ; Describe your experience as an expat in the United States of America. What makes it so bad?What do I use to clean my crystal meth? ; How do I purify meth?How are rocks and minerals similar and different? ; How do minerals and rocks differ? How do they relate?How can one get a WiFi password using an IP address in an Android mobile? ; How do you find your WiFi IP address?How can I increase a new website organic search traffic? ; How can I increase my website organic search traffic?What are some problems you face everyday? ; What problems do you face everyday?What is the formula use to produce catfish feed for faster growth? ; What are the different metrics one would use to measure the health, growth and engagement of a website product? For example the Quora's main feed.What happens if we submit a fake marriage certificate to multinational company? ; What if we submit fake marriage certificate in mnc?If universe expansion create more gravitational dark and vacuum energy without limit? ; If more vacuum energy appears with expansion and it has no limit, can infinite of this energy be created? If yes is energy infinite?How do I cure my food allergy? ; How can you overcome food allergies?Can the level of economic development represent the level of civilization? Assuming your answer is no, explain why? ; Can the level of economic development represent the level of civilisation?What is it like to report to Dick Costolo at Twitter? ; How does Dick Costolo (Twitter CEO) feel about his name?How do I tie a tie differently? ; How do I tie a tie different from others?How was Ghost Adventures exposed as a fake show? ; Can you see ghosts?How can we view private Instagram pictures without following them? ; How can someone hack a private Instagram account to see their pictures without actually following them? (without InstagramPrivateProfileView-scsm pls)What is geography used for? ; What is geography?Are there any antihistamines that are not anticholergenic? ; Are there any drugs you cannot take with antihistamine?What is the difficulty level and syllabus of the BITSAT bonus questions? ; What is the difficulty level of BITSAT bonus questions?What makes us good human? ; What makes us a good human being?If everything is consciousness, is everything conscious? ; Is consciousness always consciousness of something?How do I can hack wifi? ; Can I hack Wi-Fi?What is the fastest Internet speed in India? ; What is the maximum internet speed in India?Which outlaw motorcycle clubs accept Jews? ; What is the ranking structure in a motorcycle club?What are the most popular names in The Sims? ; What is the most popular name?How can I lose 10 Kilos? ; What are the best was to lose weight?How hard is it to practice water polo compared to aquajogging? ; How hard is it to practice water polo compared to kiteboating?What would be the effect of towing our nuclear waste into the middle of the ocean and sinking it into one of the deeper trenches? ; If a nuclear reactor dropped in the ocean does practically nothing to harm the environment, why not just dump all radioactive waste in the ocean?Where can I buy special flavor cupcake at Gold Coast? ; Where can I found different cupcake flavors in Gold Coast?When is surge pricing on Uber generally in effect in Kitchener, ON and how high does it go? ; When is surge pricing on Uber generally in effect in Indianapolis and how high does it go?Should I buy the Dell U2415 monitor or U2417H? ; Why should I only buy a Dell computer?Will the HTC 816g get a Lollipop update? ; Can the HTC 820 and 820S get Lollipop updates?What is Africa standpoint on trade and protection? ; What is the impact of the Arab slave trade on Africa?What is Facebook built with? ; How was Facebook built?In a ticket booked for one couple, if one passenger gets a confirmed berth, and the other is still waitlisted after chart preparation, can the waitlisted passenger board the train? ; Is it okay to book a ticket with a different station as the departure point and board the train from a different one?Why do metals appear to feel colder than other stuff like wood or plastic? ; Why do we feel that some materials are colder than others?Does it matter where I do my masters? ; Does it matter where I get my Masters?Which are some of the best movies of 2016? ; What is the best latest movie?What is the analog of insulin receptors/signalling in yeast? ; How do I make rice yeast at home?How does a precision rectifier work? ; Why we use precision rectifier?Should I do a MBA or a PHD after a degree in engineering? ; What are the PhD options in US after MBA?How can I make 1 million dollars with none to start? ; How did you make your first million dollars?What is the difference between digital and software consulting? ; What are the steps to start a software consulting firm?Was the Black Panther Party successful? Why or why not? ; What was the Black Panther Party?What is the suffix of the word 'predatory'? ; Why do people with terrible depression continue living?What is a way to make money online? ; What is an easy way make money online?When & how did Switzerland become so rich? ; How did the Switzerland become rich being a landlocked country?What do Americans think when they realize that the US is currently bombing 7 countries? ; How do I mention that I am an engineering college dropout in my CV?Can I use cast screen without a smart tv? ; Is it possible to use a smart tv like a computer?Is there any way to recover an e-mail in Gmail after it's deleted from the trash? ; Is there any way to recover e-mails that were deleted from a Gmail account?What are the advantages if I don't masturbate? ; Dating and Relationships: I am horny often and masturbate 3 times every day. I don't have a girlfriend. What should I do?What is the most popular social media site? ; What are the most popular social media sites in Japan?What is the best age to get married for a woman? ; What's the best age for girls to get married?Where can I find a good hacker? ; How can I hire a hacker?Do guys like girls with big round eyes? ; Do guys like girls with big beautiful eyes?Would ISPs block forums without net neutrality? ; Would ISPs block forum sites and why wouldn't they?What is that one story or incident that truly depicts the spirit of Delhi? ; What is that one story or incident you think truly depicts the spirit of Mumbai?How do l improve my communication skills? ; How can I improve my communication effectively?What would today be like if hitler had won WWII? ; What would the world have been today if Hitler had won the World war 2?How does Google Analytics on mobile know age and gender? ; In Google Analytics, how can I plot an overtime line chart of the percentage of visitors from mobile devices out of total number of visitors?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clayton County GA? ; Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Wheeler County GA?How do I become successful in my life? ; How I will become successful in my life?What are the best ways to study/memorize things? ; What is the best way to memorize things?What are the days of the week based on? ; What do you do of your day in a week?How do you tell a narcissist they are narcissist? ; How can I tell if I’m a narcissist?I am trying to implement FragmentPagerAdapter with dynamic number of Pages. However, I am getting empty screen in my app. How should I proceed? ; Job profile of electronics engineer in Indian Inspection Service (Directorate General of Supply and Disposals)?Passports: I have filed my online passport application form, submitted it and taken an appointment also. But now I have found a mistake in it. Can I rectify it at the PSK on the appointment date? What can I do now? ; How do you correct a mistake in the passport application after being submitted?How can we lose 20 kgs in 2 months? ; How do I lose 20 kg in 2 months?How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes? ; How can black money brought out by discontinuing 500 and 1000 notes?What is the moral of Leo Tolstoy's short story "Alyosha the Pot"? ; Was Goethe as good of a writer as Leo Tolstoy or James Joyce?What is the meaning of "No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings"? ; What is the meaning of "delta wing" related to an aircraft?How do I develop my presence of mind? ; How do I improve presence of mind?What is the square root of -4? ; What is the square root of (1/-4)?Eb-2 Visa: Just got married! My husband's EB2 application has just been approved. Can he include me as his derivative and ammend his records in USCIS? ; My husband was here seeking asylum before we got married, what should I do so he can get his green card? Does being married change his status?How should I lose weight from my face? ; How can I lose weight from my body without losing weight from my face?What are your strongest beliefs that many people disagree with? ; Does religious belief make people more moral?How can I gain weight in a healthy way? ; How do I gain weight fast, without expensive supplements?How can I score good marks in GRE? ; How do I prepare for GRE?Which is the premier institute to prepare for CFA? ; Which is the best coaching class for CFA Level 1 in Mumbai?Will religion ever die? ; Will religion ever die out?I am 24 earning 1 lakh per month in Bangalore and received one more offer should I work or not? How should I manage the work? ; I have 4.5 lakhs saved up in my bank account and earn 50k per months.I have earned that money working on projects. I am 20 years and want to generate passive income. What should I do with the money or how should I invest it?What are the best street foods in delhi? ; What are the best street food places of delhi?Why do we use chi-square test? ; What is the chi-square test and how is it applied?How many calories are burn in stair climbing 150 stairs? ; How many calories do you burn climbing 125 stairs?What is the best method of losing weight? ; What is the most effective everlasting method of losing weight?What is the difference between Computer Engineering and Computer Science and Engineering? Which one has more opportunities and future? ; Which engineering has more opportunities: computer science or electrical?What is the best laptop under 30k for students? ; Which laptop is best to buy within the range of 30000rs?What would happen to earth if it was caught by a black hole? ; If a tiny black hole hits earth, what will happen?Does masturbation restrict you from gaining weight? ; What should I do to become fat?Is it possible to search for Facebook groups in order of popularity or number of persons? ; What is the minimum number of groups can I add in Facebook in a day?Should President Obama pardon Hillary Clinton for her crimes? ; Question That Contains Assumptions: Will Barack Obama pardon Hillary Clinton?How can I install Windows 7 on a device bought with Windows 8 installed? ; Can I install Windows 8.1 on a device bought with Windows 7 installed?How do you gain discipline? ; What is the secret of self discipline?Who is Disney's Princess Alice? ; Why isn't Alice considered a Disney princess?How can a M.Tech in electronics and communication engineering get a job and which field should be pursued? ; Can an electronics and communications engineering degree get me a job in the software engineering field?What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination? ; What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about Modi's new currency Idea?Is it normal for weight to increase by 1 kg after a meal on a digital weighing scale? ; How many green smoothies should one drink daily to lose weight?How can I improve my English speaking ability? ; How can I improve in English?What is the salary of a doctor who has done his MBBS and MD/MS both from AIIMS, Delhi? ; Is any person really existing who did MBBS from not reputated college but completes PG from reputated colleges like AIIMS Delhi maulana or Seth GS?How can you prove that an email was sent by an assistant logged into Gmail using Outlook when the manager only sends using Gmail and the assistant is in another country? ; Can you sort starred emails by star colors in Gmail?Which is the best website to buy Instagram followers? ; How do I buy Instagram followers?What do you do if you love someone? ; What do we do to be loved by someone?What influence did France have on Vietnam and Indochina during its colonization? ; How much did France influence Vietnam?Which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn? ; What are the best programming languages to learn today?What is the meaning of Stone Cold Steve Austin's 3:16? ; Why does Stone Cold Steve Austin wear a knee brace?Mahindra and Mahindra: 6day/week or 5day/week for GET (Graduate Engineer Trainee) employees (Chennai Branch)? Also What are the perks enjoyed by them? ; What facilities would we all get if we become employees of Tech Mahindra electronic city?What are some of the most interesting blogs? ; What are some of the most interesting blogs on history?How do I get to the front page of Imgur? ; Front Page of Hacker News: How do you get on the frontpage?How is MSc computer science in NIT Trichy? ; How are MSC Computer Science placements in NIT Trichy?How do you interpret Søren Kierkegaard's view that “Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”? ; What if we are actually moving back in time? Can one differentiate a backward flow of time from forward flow?What is the correct definition of "Acche Din"? ; "Acche din aane wale hai", is this really true?Why are my questions always flagged as needing improvement? ; Why does Quora always mark my answer as need for improvement?What is the worst thing that has happened to you for being nice? ; What was the worst thing that happened to you for being nice?Is Emma Watson a blonde? ; Is Emma Watson a natural blonde?What's the best way to soundproof around an apartment door? ; How can I soundproof an apartment door?Instagram now shows 2 users (likers) next to the number of likes. On nearly all my photos, the same 2 users are shown. How are those users determined? ; How can I get the list of posts that a user liked on Instagram?How do I to score good marks in 12th boards? ; What should I do to obtain maximum marks in 12th board exams?How will it affect international students coming to the US for undergraduation now that Trump has become the President? ; What will happen to international students in the US if Donald Trump becomes president?Does ansewring on Quora helps you earn money? ; Does Quora helps to earn money?What is decanting? How is it used in chemistry? ; What is “decanting” in chemistry?What is the difference between zamindari, ryotwari and mahalwari system? ; What is the best finance app for iOS? Free or PaidWhat programming language shoud I learn? ; What is the best programming language for a beginner?What is the cancellation fee for Geico auto insurance if I terminate my policy early? ; Has your auto insurance premium gone up?Why is Kim Jung-Un so fat? ; Where does Kim Jong-un stay in North Korea?How do I deal with creative burnout? ; What is burnout? And how can we deal with it?Why was January first chosen to be the first day of the year? ; When and why was the 1st of January declared as the first day of the year?What are the best alternatives to Patreon you'd recommend? ; Is it considered spam for a writer to ask people on Quora to donate to their Patreon account?How do ispend my time by enjoying one day in Chennai with friends? ; What are the best ways to spend time around a Chennai railway station for a period of one day?Which are the important chapters to prepare for JEE mains 2017? ; What are some of the important chapters for the JEE Main examination?To whom are we the human beings slaves? ; Are we still slaves?How do you sell your soul to the devil for money, and how effective is it? ; Is it possible to sell your soul?What is the best app to download YouTube videos and why is it the best? ; Is there a way to download videos from Facebook and Youtube?I have to prepare an assessment of speaking & listening speech. Can I get some ideas on the topic MYSTERY? ; I need a new and a rare topic for a speech. do you have any ideas?How effective were arrows in the battlefield? ; What would happen if you were hit by a flaming arrow?If light has zero mass then why it can't escape from black hole gravitational force? ; Why does the Black Hole's gravitational force is so immense that light can't even escape?Is it wrong to not want my kids sometimes? ; When I login Paytm… While adding money payment window Skiped and directly order summary window opend… How to add money?What are the top 10 Marathi movies of all time? ; What are the top 10 horror movies of all time?How do I use a pipe fitter's square? ; What is SWR pipes and Swg pipes?What is the best path I should take to improve my English? ; I want to improve my English?What are the best charities to donate to? ; What is the best charity to donate to?What are some mind-blowing air bikes? ; What are some mind blowing bike accessories?How can I become the best in everything I do? ; How do I become the best at everything I do?Can we subconsciously enter someone else's dream? If yes, then how? ; How do control my dream or the subconscious?How are seashells able to reproduce? ; How do seashells multiply?What is entropy? ; What is entropy generation?What is it like going from a same sex school to a co-education school? ; What's it like going from a same sex school to a co-education school?Can I pursue robotics and automation engineering after BTech Electronics Engineering? ; If the evolutionary development of a large brains were dependent on eating seafood, why do bottom feeding fish not have large brains?How long does it take to process the I-130 form, and receive resident status as a 24 year old recent master's graduate from London, and my brother is an American citizen? ; My H1B Petition for FY2016 the status says Form I-129 is transferred to another office for processing. How long does it takes for processing?What are some of the weirdest questions you have seen on Quora? ; What is the weirdest question you have come across on Quora?If it shows up as pending on Snapchat did they still get the Snapchat? ; Today “Mumbai” is Live on Snapchat. What should I do to get my “story” on Snapchat?How should non-believers explain they don't believe to family members? ; How do I tell my parent I don't believe in God?How would I retrieve my Yahoo account without access to my alternate email or phone number? ; How do I access my Yahoo accounts without still having the old mobile numbers or email associated with them? RequestWhat's the best way to gain muscle while losing fat? ; How do I successfully lose fat and gain muscle?Why should I answer in Quora? ; Why do people answer in Quora?What is a red giant? ; How does a star become a red giant?Does long distance relationship works? ; How can I maintain my long distance relationship to the best of my ability?What open source project did you start contributing with? ; How do I start contributing for open source development?Where do unanswered questions go on Quora? ; Why do so many Quora questions go unanswered?What are the major Development of Chhattisgarh? ; Which are the major development in Chhattisgarh?How do I earn 1 rupee? ; What is the best way to invest a ten (or twenty) thousand rupees as an investment (not an expenditure)?Which are good international schools in HaiDian district in Beijing? ; How do I sell to school districts in US?How do I increase my height? ; How do I increase the height?How helpful is Pseudoephedrine when you have a runny nose? ; Is Sudafed or the generic psuedaphedrine good for a runny nose?When I take pictures and send them in SnapChat, I don't see them in my camera roll, where do they go? How can I get them? ; I deleted my Snapchat memories after I backed them to my camera. The memories didn't actually save to my camera though. Can I recover my memories?Is it smart to major in International Relations & European Studies with courses on Economics, Quantitive Methods, IT Skills and Chinese? ; What's the point of using quantitative method in international relations? Is it really applicable?What are leftist and rightist ideologies in the context of Indian polity? ; What are the differences between a leftist dictatorship and a rightist one?What are the disadvantages of CPEC? ; How well would CPEC do?What are the health risks of drinking too much water? ; Does drinking too much water damaging to your body?How would you look up a Walmart receipt? ; How do you look up a Walmart receipt?What is the monthly salary of chief minister of Delhi Arvind Kejriwal? ; Chamath Palihapitiya: Is Arvind Kejriwal doing a good job as Delhi Chief Minister?Why does the U.S. recognise the Private & Black Box Operated Arbitration as an International law, but oppose the UN International Court of Justice? ; Why didn't the U.S. accept the true international law by UN backed ICJ in 1986, but press China to accept the illegal rule by Private Arbitration?Were you pranked on April Fools Day? Have you been pranked in past April Fool's Days? If so, what happened? ; What are some prank ideas for April Fool's Day?What is the reason of abolishing nps todefence? ; Can we have a CTS profile True always a Cracked Pokemon Go APK File.? So we can Hide the root without any magisk and su hide.?What do women know about men that men don't know about themselves? ; What don't women understand about men?I'm a software engineer in Pakistan. Is there any job available in Europe? ; Are RFIC design engineers easy to find jobs in Europe?What does 슬마 mean? ; What is meaning of gazaba e hind?What is the best niche to start a blog? ; What is the perfect niche to start a blog?The girlfriend of one of my best friends is dying of cancer (28 years). How can I help them? ; How can electromagnetic waves move with the speed of light, when the charged particles are supposed to be accelerating?How do I successfully move to Hollywood to pursue a career in acting? ; How do I become successful in a career in digital marketing?What is the function of the umbilical artery and vein? ; What is the function of the umbilical vein?Can someone see how much funds I have in my bank account when they deposit? ; In case of more than one bank account how much money can be deposited in each?How can I talk to a guy I like in college? ; How to talk to guys?I want to be an IAS officer after completing my MBBS degree. What is the best optional subject I should choose for the exam? ; How many optional subjects are in IAS main exam?What is the best programming language for future? ; Which computer language is the best to learn for the future?Where do I buy fancy Chinese products in wholesale in Mumbai and Pune? ; Do you like Chinese products? Why?Is it hard to be a guy and constantly be seen as a potential rapist? ; How do I keep my girlfriend interest on me?How do I find the meaning of my life? ; How do I find happiness, meaning and fulfilment in life?What was it like to anchoring The Bournvita Quiz Contest Show by Vijay Raaz? ; What was it like to anchoring The Kapil Sharma Show by Vijay Raaz?How often should I take a protein supplement for weight/muscle gaining? ; Which protein supplement should I consume to reduce weight and gain muscular mass?What is meant by freight management? ; What is meant by freight?Which type of energy produce by steam? ; I need a bit of advice here. A friend of mine always wanted to have kid, but he is about to die in few months due to cancer. Rest in description.The MSAN program at USF looks great. But why isn't the course mentioned in any of the top 10 business analytics course rankings? ; Are there any good Indian restaurants in kuta and seminyak in Bali?Which is the best coaching Institute for IES ECE? ; Which is the best coaching institute for the ESE coaching in Delhi for the ECE branch?How do you make a heart picture collage on Pinterest? ; How can I save a picture in Pinterest to my Android phone?Is it true that when purchasing a vehicle, if the cost is under 7000 you don't need to have full coverage insurance? ; How much does full coverage auto insurance cost?How I can improve my English communication? ; What can I do to improve my English speaking?How Vehicle to grid in buck and grid to vehicle in boost operation wih dc grid side inductors interleaved,in the below Ckt? ; Can photovoltaic systems operate normally in grid-connected mode and still operate critical loads when the utility service is disrupted?How do I lose weight without doing exercise? ; Is it possible to lose weight without doing exercise?How do you reset the overheating switch on a Dyson vacuum cleaner? ; Emergency Medicine: How effective is it to use a vacuum cleaner to save a choking person?So, how do you actually go about applying for a job with the incoming Trump administration? ; How can I get a job with the Trump Administration?How does Peapod compare with other online grocery services like Safeway and Amazon Fresh? ; What are some of the perks to working at a grocery store like Safeway?What would it look like here on earth if your sun was a Pulsar? ; What does the sun look like?How could I gain weight in a healthy way? ; How do I gain weight in a healthy way?What is the best way to make a responsive grid of "diamond shapes"? ; What's the best way to make me a living out of my web activities?How hard is it for a native English speaker to learn Vietnamese? ; Is it hard for a native English speaker to study grammar?What would be the best way to control anger? ; How do I control my emotions and anger?I got two offers Wipro and Accenture .pls suggest me which is better and why, while package of Accenture is 3.5 and Wipro is 3.25? ; I got offers from both Accenture and Wipro. Which of these would be better in terms of the learning opportunities (the posts offered are project engineer in Wipro and associate in Accenture)?Why is "Dinar" of Kuwait is the strongest currency against Indian Rupee? ; Why is the value of Kuwait's currency, the Dinar, so high?How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Jewellery & Accessory Design developed by Indian professorial/professors? ; How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Interior Design developed by Indian professorial/professors?What is the difference between cetirizine and levocetirizine? ; What is the difference between Pervacid and Nexium?What is the charging and discharging curve of a capacitor? ; How do I calculate the charging and discharging time of a capacitor?Why do people believe in flat earth? ; Why do people still believe in flat earth?What is currency pegs? ; What is pegging?What is the best DVD for learning English? ; What are some good books on English grammar?What are some countable words that are likely to be mistaken for uncountable? ; What are some uncountable words that are likely to be mistaken for countable?Why did the U.S. dropped bombs on Japan? ; Escalation of the Syrian Conflict (Aug–Sep. 2013): How does the United States of America justify condemning the use of nerve gas in Syria recently, after bombing Japan twice to end World War Two? Can we complain with moral authority?How do I reduce being absent minded? ; How can I stop being absent minded?What are some good consultancies for mechanical engineering jobs in Pune? ; Which are the top consultancies for mechanical engineers in Pune?When did the messy ponytail become popular? ; Why strange fashion become popular?What are some possible solutions if I forgot my iCloud password? ; What should I do if I forgot my iCloud password?Do employees at Vector Group have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at Era Group have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?What is a typical management fee for a new venture capital fund with 25M raised? ; Are management fees taken for Venture Capital funds out of AUM or paid by LPs?Is Anthem or Blue Shield California a better health insurance provider? ; What is the order of largest to smallest (by number of subscribers) health insurance companies in California (i.e. Blue Shield, Athena, Anthem, etc.)?What is the best programming language for beginners to learn? ; What is the best computer programming language to learn first?Is music prohibited in Islam? Why? ; If music is forbidden in Islam, why do Indian Muslims listen to music?Do water purifiers like Brita really work? ; What happens when you run hot water through a Brita filter?What are the undead warlock names in World of Warcraft? ; How do you change professions in World of Warcraft?Hillary nothingburger Clinton? ; Hillary Clinton nothingburger?What happens when my 1 GB Cricket data plan limit is exceeded? Do I get overage fees or does my speed go down to 3G? ; Are there any tricks to get 3G speed in a 2G data pack?Do you think Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is really working? ; What are thoughts on the prime minister's "Swachcha Bharat Abhiyan"? Will it be successful?How can one start an internet broadband service provider company in India? ; How much money is needed to start an ISP (internet service provider) business in India?Can I make money online? ; What is an easy way make money online?Is Law School worth attending? ; Is a law degree worth it?Why is life very unfair? ; Why is life so unfair to me?What are the problems facing by the physically challenged? Do they need any simple technology? ; What are the physical problems every software engineer is facing today?What is analog? ; What is analog communication?How do I lose weight fast? ; What is the easiest way to lose weight faster?What can I do to improve my social life? ; How can a shy person improve his social life?What is the best CFA institute in India? ; What are the best institute in India for CFA?What are some things to try when your car key won't turn in the ignition? ; My car won't start.  Is it a brake problem?How do we make friends? ; How do you make friend that are not in tech?How do I calculate tension in physics? ; How to calculate tension in physics?How do you track a FedEx package with a door tag number? ; How do you track FedEx Smartpost on USPS?What logical processes lead scientists to conclude that the origin of the universe was the Big Bang? ; If the universe expanded from the big bang to the size of our galaxy in a micro-second, this must mean everything in creation traveled much much faster than the speed of light; how is this possible?What has the United nations done for refugees? ; What purpose does the United Nations serve?What is a good free editing software for PC gaming? ; Which is the best video editing software?What is the meaning of this sentence: ''That that is, is. That that is not, is not. Is that it? It is.''? ; What does this sentence exactly mean?What are good apps for gre vocabulary? ; How do I develop good vocabulary?How do I get a job as a film and TV critic? ; How do I become a film critic? I live in london.What's it to like to be a conference organizer? ; What is a conference?Why does Point Break have such a cult following? ; Why did Akira become a cult film?How do I stop my parents from comparing me to my brother? ; What can I do to stop my parent from comparing me to my brother?What motivates you to work hard? How do I become motivated too? ; What motivated you to work hard?Is there a breakdown of viewers per day and Fox News' average income per viewer based on Ad Revenue and Cable Revenue? ; My question is about to “Open and operate a classified website in UAE”. What are the key areas that I need to check and think & is it worthfull idea?How can I convert raw files to JPEG in photos in a MacBook? ; How do you convert an AVI file to a JPEG file?What is it like to be a lady/gentlemen cadet officer in the Officer's Training Academy of the Indian Army? ; Why are foreign Gentlemen Cadets admitted into the IMA (Indian Military Academy)?What about love two person on same time? ; Can a person be in love with two persons at a same time?What was the first thing given the blue raspberry flavor? ; How did the blue raspberry flavor come about?What are some mind blowing Magic science tricks that most people don't know about? ; What are some mind-blowing science magic tricks that exist that most people don't know about?What'd be the top (maximum) wavelength of an electromagnetic radiation to see a message written in a paper? ; What'd be the minimum wavelength of an electromagnetic radiation to see a message written in a paper?What are the best IAS coaching centres in Hyderabad? ; Could anyone help me with the best IAS coaching centers in Hyderabad?How will I open account in Quora? ; How do I open an account on Quora?How can I get traffic in my website? ; How can I increase the traffic on a site?Why do we feel anger? ; Why cant I feel anger?How did you become wealthy online? ; How can I become wealthy?Why are there only few magnets? ; Why is there only few magnets?What does a bad car starter sound like? ; What are some signs of a bad starter?Which is the better antivirus: Bitdefender Vs Norton 360? ; Which is the better antivirus: Bitdefender 2013 or Norton 360?What is hydrogen bonding? ; When is Hydrogen bonding most often seen?What are the best sites to stream anime online? ; What are some of the best sites to download anime torrents?What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near White County IL? ; What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Gallatin County IL?What is the most famous country? ; Which countries are the most famous?What are the best games that involve logistics and planning? ; What is the best PC game?What are some symptoms of a bad idle air control sensor? ; How do you repair or replace a knock sensor?Why do some white people hate Hispanics? ; Why do some white people hate non-white people?Does Heisenberg's uncertainty principle actually defeat the concept of a deterministic future? ; What are the applications of Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle?How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Brazil? ; How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Yemen?Till where should the penis be inserted in vagina? ; Can a woman take a 14 inch penis inside her vagina?Why can't I answer Questions or comment on Quora? ; Why can't I answer a question twice on Quora?How do I prepare for CAT 2017 from August 2016? ; How do I prepare for CAT 2017 from August?What are examples of social forces in society? ; How can we as a society cultivate a greater sense of global compassion? What social forces affect this the most?Was Ip Man, who claimed to be Bruce Lee's trainer, better than Bruce Lee? ; How do martial artists make a living?Was 9/11 planned? ; Was 9/11 a conspiracy?How do you do SMS marketing? ; How does sms marketing work?What are some mind blowing smartphones gadgets? ; What are some mind-blowing gadgets?What was the Industrial Revolution? ; What happened in the Industrial Revolution?What if all life is just a dream? ; Is life a dream or reality?How do I deal with menstrual pains? ; How can I deal with unbearable menstrual cramps?What made the Battle of Vimy Ridge important to Canada's identity? ; Why was Vimy Ridge important to Canada?Who will win IPL 2016? ; Which team win IPL 9?Which is stronger titanium or diamonds? ; What is titanium?How much data does Skype use per minute? ; How much data does a 20 minute Skype call use?How can I meet Narendra Modi? ; How can I meet Sir Narendra Modi Ji?What are examples of non-living things? ; What are examples of living things?Does masturbation cause infertility? ; Does masturbation in males lead to sexual infertility?How do I seduce girls? ; How can I sexually seduce a girl?What is Convolutional neural network? ; Are convolutional neural networks also deep networks?Why is Mamta Banerjee not visiting Dhulagarh? ; Is Mamta Banerjee more powerful than Narendra Modi? If not, then why has he not done anything for the Dhulagarh riot victims yet?How Can I make money as a teenager with my laptop? ; What are some ways to make money as a teenager? (UK)Uses of aloe vera? ; I get blackheads when I use aloe vera, why?What is the best way to write Ruby based multi processing program with IPC? ; What are the best C++ books?Reiki healing helps to cure fever? ; What is your favorite city/country, why?What can be substituted for cornstarch in a recipe? ; What can you use as a substitute for buttermilk?How do I disable "voice data for text to speech" notification in Android? ; Is there any Arabic text-to-speech that can read loud on Android?What is an incident that changed your life? ; What was the first incident that changed your whole life?National Anthems: Do anyone know from which novel Jana Gana Mana is taken? ; What does Jana Gana Mana mean? What are the lyrics to the song and why are they significant?Why is the USA destabilizing the Philippines? ; Why is the USA destabilizing Europe?Is moving back from the US to India considered a regression? ; I am an Indian citizen currently living in the US. Can I move back to India and still hold a source of income in the US such that I earn money in US $? What ways can you think of which is a win win situation where we can head back to our home land and still earn money in the US salary range?Why the hell does Quora mark all my questions as needed improvement? ; Can Quora quote the improvements needed in the questions when it is marked as 'Needing Improvement'?What is the best TV serial in Telugu? ; What are the best fantasy English TV serials?How is the daily life of Muslims who have been in America? ; How’s American Muslim‘s situation in America now?What are the chances that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson debate with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump? ; How likely is it that Johnson and Stein will be on the debate stage with Trump and Clinton?How can I increase the traffic to my website? ; What is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog?What are the best possible ways of integrating technology in higher education? ; Under California state law, are you allowed to pick-up your security deposit from your landlord in person, rather than having it mailed?What do Kurds think of Arabs? ; What do Kurds think of Germans?Who is the speaker of Rajya Sabha? ; Why should I vote or not vote for Narendra Modi in 2019 elections?How can I communicate with a foreigner? ; How can I communicate with foreigners?How can I use auction sites as a hobby? ; THE best & POWERFUL ASTROLOGER in Singapore-GURU JI N K RAI?What are the major differences betweeen SAP HANA and SAP R/3? ; What is the difference between SAP BI on HANA, SAP BW 7.4 on HANA and SAP BW 7.3 on HANA?Do firms in Wall Street only recruit from Ivy League schools? ; What is a Wall Street firm? Is it an office that sits literally on Wall Street?How can I start learning about web development? ; How can I learn web development?How do I know Jesus is talking to me? ; How do you know Jesus is the only way to heaven?Who is the most powerful person in earth and why? ; Who actually is the most powerful person or what is most powerful organisation of the world?How many earthquake measuring stations are there in India? ; How is the intensity of an earthquake is counted and how do they measure it on Richter Scale?What are traditional British dishes? ; What is the traditional British food?How has the skill gap affected the employable mass? ; How has skill gap effected the employable mass?What are some jokes /memes on Narendra Modi? ; What are the funniest memes you have come across on Narendra Modi?What is it like to be a child of a pornstar? ; How is the life of the child of a Pornstar?What does "Quora " mean? ; What doe Quora mean?How much money did you have when you started investing in the stock market? ; How much money will I need to start investing in stock market?Has anyone had a real alien encounter or made a UFO sighting near Flagstaff, AZ? ; Has anyone encountered an Alien or UFO?How do I avoid heat in the stomach that are causing pimples? ; What are the best ways to avoid pimples?Why can't all lives matter? ; Do all lives really matter?What is to be believed? Science or religion? ; Should I believe in science or religion?Where are the best places to nap on Stanford's campus? ; What are the best places to nap on Stanford's campus?Is infinity a number? ; Is it true that infinity is a number?Who is Magenta in Blue's Clues? ; Who was Magenta in Blue's Clues?What are the top developing countries with mobile apps downloads? ; What is the top and coolest mobile app that sends notifications from a mobile that is easy to download?How do I grow a thicker beard? ; How can I grow my hair and eyebrows thicker?What is the best idea to follow? ; What is your best idea?I'm in love with my best friend. I'm gay; he's straight. What should I do? ; I am in love with my classmate, I am gay and he's straight, what should I do?If we have evolved form monkeys then why do monkey still exists? ; If humans evolved from apes, why are there still apes?What are the best earphones with a mic available under INR 400? ; Which is the best earphone under Rs 2500?How do Muslims view Maajid Nawaz? ; Muslims: what's your thought on Maajid Nawaz?What should I do if my wisdom teeth are rotting? ; Why are my wisdom teeth rotting?Can you get high if your outside and someone is smoking weed like 20 feet from you? ; Can you get high even the slightest bit by smelling weed outside?What is the best way to get to Machu Picchu from Lima? ; What's the best way to get to Machu Picchu from Lima?Which zodiac sign is the best match for an Aries woman? ; Which zodiac sign is the best match for an Aries guy?What temperature is a 60% wool 40% polyester coat suitable for? ; How do I clean a wool coat?What is the other planet after Pluto? ; Why is Pluto no longer considered a planet?What would be a cool way to commit suicide? ; What is the easiest way of committing suicide?Why does a land breeze form at night? ; When does land breeze occur?How was the KVPY 2016 sa? ; What is the expected KVPY 2016 SA cut off?What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy? ; How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?What can I learn in 5 min? ; What can I learn in 2 mins?Which are the best places to visit in Estonia? Www.krazybutterfly.com ; Which are the best places to visit in Denmark? Www.krazybutterfly.comHow should I know my purpose of life? ; How do you find your passion and purpose in life?How do I stop being a pushover in the workplace? ; How do I stop being a pushover?To calculate 2+3 in Python we don't need to import math, why in case of square root? ; Startup companies hire freshers?What is the most overrated picture editing app? ; What is the best app for editing pictures in iOS?What does it feel like to receive a blowjob? ; Do Indian women like to give blow jobs? Why? Why not?How do I apply for Facebook Audience Network on a website? ; Hello James, may I have your email id as I wish to discuss something important with you?How are the isomers of methane determined? ; How can cows produce less methane gas?What is the in hand salary in PSU through gate? ; What does 'full time' mean in PSU recruitment through the GATE?Will you watch the debate between Clinton and Trump? Why or why not? ; Have you seen this Trump vs Clinton debate clip?Which is better iPhone 6s+ or iPhone 7? ; Which is the best phone iPhone 6s plus or 7?How expensive is to travel to Japan? ; How much money is enough to travel Japan?How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Bangladesh's? ; How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Andorra's?How long does it take, from your experience, to reduce the running time/km by 1 minute? ; What if the average time it takes to run 4 km?What is Artificial Intelligence? ; What all does Artificial Intelligence include?What is the best 3G data prepaid plan in Austria? ; What is the best 3G data only prepaid plan in France?How does it feel to fall out of love? ; How does one fall out of love?What are the greatest examples of smartest presence of mind? ; What is the example of Presence of Mind?How do I increase my eating capacity? ; Does eating fish increase heat in the body?How do you calculate the percentage change between 2 percentages? ; What's a statistic that many people would be surprised by?How much does YouTube pay per view? ; Does Youtube pay for more views?How did Portugal become and stay independent of Spain? What are the cultural narratives in Portuguese and Spanish histories? ; Is Spain a Cultural Hearth?Can I get the perfect master Goldsmith around the globe? ; I want to travel around the globe but I don't have enough money to do the same. What can be the possible ways to do that?What are examples of animals that live in the water? ; What are examples of animals that live in water?Why do so many people still dislike or even hate Britain? ; Why do so many people hate Ross?What are organisms? ; What is organic investing?Can Congress overturn an executive order? ; Has congress ever overturned a presidential executive order?How can I learn math? ; What is the best way to learn Mathematics?So why are guys cursed? ; Why do ISFJ boys are so unpreferred over extroverted guys?How far can you drive a car  without a wireless car key? ; How can I learn to drive a car without having a car?What will President-Elect Donald Trump do in his first 100 days in office? ; What is your best guess as to what Donald Trump will attempt to get done in his first 100 days as President?How do I remove burning odour from milk? ; How do I remove color and odour from kerosene?Is quality work experience like in consulting or investment banking advisable before pursuing a PhD in economics? What are the pros and cons? ; Why it is necessary to refer external jquery file from another webpage inside script tag?My Android phone doesn't have a gyroscope or magnetometer. Can I still watch movies with Google Cardboard? ; My phone doesn't have gyroscope can I still use procus vr headset?What is an error code [code ]80073CF9[/code] in Windows Phone 8.1, and how can I fix it? ; How do I add VPN Proxy free to Windows Phone 8.1?Is there a platform that’s like an operating system for business where you can manage your business in every aspect? ; Mechanical placements at bmsce?Is Salman hair real? ; Is there any movie in which Salman khan did real acting?What is it like for an INFP to grow old? ; What are INFP teenagers like?What are traits that we think are exclusive to humans which are actually not? ; How can I prepare for Combined defence services in 2 months?What is your favourite unusual English word? ; What is your favourite English word? why?What do Trump supporters think of Trump's prospective cabinet? ; To anyone who voted for President-Elect Donald Trump: What do you think about Trump's picks so far for his cabinet?Will my I-140 from previous employer still be valid if change employers before the current employers starts the green card processing? ; I am currently working under an H1B visa and would like to get a green card through my employer. What is the process?What do I need to know to build my own quadcopter? ; I'm going to build a quadcopter line follower drone. Who can guide me through?How should I start writing on Quora? ; How should I start writing answers on Quora?When is Trump going to sue the women who accused him of sexual assault? ; When is Trump going to sue all the women who accused him of sexual advances?How do saber tooth tigers differ from lions? ; If a pregnant woman eats a particular food and the woman is repulsed by it, will it have any effect on the baby's preference for that food?Do online marketplaces of India like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Craftsvilla, Shimply.com etc. ship overseas? ; FDI in Retail in India: How E-Commerce websites like flipkart, Myntra, Jabong, Snapdeal, Shimply earn as they sell other companies products? Do they buy products directly from the company or other shops?How should an agent acting under power of attorney for a principal who is a corporate entity sign lease agreements? ; What happens when a corporation issues more shares than are authorized under the Articles of Incorporation?Solubility of metal nitrate in water? ; Is magnesium hydroxide soluble in water?What would happen if India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh reunified into Akhand Bharat? ; What would be your dream team (Cricket) if India, Pakistan and Bangladesh merge into a single state called BHARAT?Is this image of Mother Teresa at the age of 18 real or fake? ; Career options after 12th for average?How can I gain weight within month? ; How can I gain weight in one month?Is on-line gambling legal in Norway? ; Is on-line gambling legal in Sweden?How do I act like a 15-year-old boy with autism? ; Which comics do you suggest for a 15 year old boy?How is life in North Korea? ; How is life in North Korea? What are the typical lifestyles of different sections of people in North Korea?Who is the best hacker that can help me? ; Who are the best hackers in the world?Why did Hillary Clinton loose the 2016 Presidential election? ; What made Hillary to lose presidential election?How can I get rid of pimples all over my face? ; How do I to get rid of acne scars?Do you think that US funds ISIS? ; Is it true that the US is funding ISIS?MSC ADAMS Marketshare? ; Moving to africa - how do I get my doctor to give my Adderall medication for months?What can we do to improve our lives? ; How can we improve in our lives?What isBest tax saving high return sip, saving 50000 per month? ; I am 35 years old and my monthly income is 50000. What are the best saving actions available and how much can I contribute per month so that at 58 I would have more than 1 crore in my balance?Will India get a gold medal in Rio Olympic? ; How many gold will india win in Rio olympic?Alien abductees of Quora or people who have claimed to see a UFO, what's your story? ; Are you a UFO abductee who has communicated with aliens about their intentions, their origin, and their propulsion system? If so, what did the visitors tell you?How do I make green tea? ; What is the right procedure to make green tea?How do I convert a .jpeg image into a .mat file? ; How can I convert an x3d file to a voxel image file?How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Regina? ; How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how does the history of these cities compare and contrast to the history of Vancouver?How do I get Pikachu as my first Pokémon in Pokémon GO? ; Where do I catch a Pikachu in Pokémon GO?Why is the reason that last visit on the moon was over 40 years ago and nobody was there later? ; Why have humans never been back to the Moon after 1972?How can I recover my Gmail forgot my password and recovery no? ; How can I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?What is a loop? ; What is LOOP?What are the characteristics of greatness? ; What are the characteristics of a great lawyer?What do you think about Brexit? ; What are your opinions on Brexit?How can i get products from the manufacturer to the end user within 3hours? ; How does an online video streaming product targeted at Indian consumers have to be designed differently from a video streaming product designed for the US consumers, considering the differences in end-user device types, network availability, bandwidth, and viewing habits?What are the options for broadband internet in Gorakhpur? ; What are my options for WIRED Broadband in Kochi, Kerala?What are some ways I can make money from home? ; What are some legitimate ways to make extra money from home?If human beings evolved from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys today? ; If human beings are evolved by apes then why apes are still found everywhere?Is a decision support system a type of software? ; Is OTG supported in USB Type C?How much salary do IIT professors get? ; What is the salary of an IIT professor?What are the best, but worst jokes you have ever heard? ; What's the dumbest joke you've ever heard?What is Social capitalism? ; What does Social Capital mean to you?What are the differences between BitBucket and GitHub? ; What are the pros and cons of GitHub versus Bitbucket?How meaningful is my freedom of speech in a world full of voices alive and dead? ; Should freedom of speech be a human right?What is a Bose-Einstein condensate? ; What is a Bose–Einstein condensate? What is the use of it?How do I design exhaust header for bike engines? ; What do you mean by "developing a framework" in the context of the United Nations?What are some of the greatest achievements of the United States of America? ; What are the United States' greatest achievements?What is the difference between a single thread and multi threads? ; How do I implement a multi-thread server using UDP?What are some major philosophy questions? ; What is it like to major in philosophy?How does an earthquake happen? ; How does an earthquake happen? Can it be predicted?How do I tackle AIIMS or neet physics? ; How do I tackle physics in NEET or AIIMS?What could be done to improve the hearing after mastoid operation (naturally)? I'm a defence aspirant and a SSB candidate. ; Is english necessary for sucess?What would happen if unblurred non-Google Street View of Europe suddenly appeared online? ; If it suddenly became legal to make Google Street View in all European countries and not delete unblurred backups afterwards, what would happen next?How do I start learning c language? ; Where should I start learning C?What is your review of By the Sea (2015 movie)? ; What is your review of I (2015 movie)?Is it possible to land in a gas planet such as Jupiter? ; In Interstellar the crew lands on a planet where time runs slower than time on earth. The difference between the two times is huge. Is it possible for the humans to even stand on a planet with such a massive gravitational field?Why was Chandigarh made the capital of two states? ; Can two Indian states have same capital city as per the Constitution of India?What is the list of legit wholesale suppliers of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus worldwide who accept payments through PayPal? ; What is the list of legit wholesale suppliers of the Apple iPhone 6s worldwide who accept payments through WU?How does Google text to speech work? ; How does Google text to speech works?How safe is it to travel to Kanyakumari alone? ; How safe is Kanniyakumari?Does bleach dissolve some plastics?  If so, which ones?  (And why?) ; Can you bleach plastic?Why is Overwatch so popular? ; How did Overwatch become so successful so quickly?Is gross income before or after taxes? ; Is adjusted gross income before taxes?If someone handed you a book and you started reading it but then realized that it was about your entire life, would you read until the end? ; Which is the best book that you have read and has inspired you through your entire life?Can I get my provisional degree from MDU, Rohtak the same day? How much time does it take? ; Can you guys post a pic of a B.Tech (2013) degree awarded by MDU Rohtak?If the President of the United States partner were male, what would he be called instead of first lady? ; If a single woman were elected President of the United States, would she have a First Lady or First Gentleman?How can I enjoy my own company? ; What are the best ways to enjoy your own company?What type of holidays are luxurious and why? ; What type of luxury holidays are there?Why do people claim to stand for government by the people, but bash a non-government agent running for president? It sounds 2-faced. ; Why is it easy for some people to answer a question in writing but not face-to-face?When skyscrapers are finished, do the cranes stay on the top floor? ; How do they get the cranes off the top of skyscrapers when they are completed?Which is the best site to download TV series other than torrents? ; Which is the best site to download TV Series?Should guys ask out girls or do girls ask out guys? ; What do guys think about a girl (a friend) who asked them out for a date?Which are some good Slam metal bands? ; I love almost all genres of music except screamo or metal. Could anyone give me a few suggestions of good songs or bands to listen to?Why should one work in Japan? ; What is it like for a foreigner to work in a Japanese company in Japan?Is friction a conservative force? Why are most forces conservative? ; Why is frictional force is not a conservative force?How many customer reviews are enough for a product at amazon? ; How can I get help about my abuse without getting the police involved?Does an iPhone reset erase all content and settings? ; Does erasing all content and settings get rid of my iPhone's line?Was skateboarding ever an Olympic sport? Why? ; Was skateboarding ever in the Olympics?How do I prepare and qualify for bank exams? ; How do I prepare for bank exam at home?How can one understand middle east issues in a better way? ; What are the fattiest foods you could cook at home?What are the best phone to buy price range between 10- 12k? ; Which cell phone should I buy under 12k?Are UFO sightings real? Why? ; Are any UFO sightings real?What should be the weight for a 19-year-old boy? ; I am a 19 year old Indian guy. I am 5 feet 11 inches and I'm just 45kg. How do I gain weight?If photons have no mass, how are solar sails pushed? ; If light has no mass, how can a solar sail be propelled?Do you have to know what's taught in a computer organization/architecture course to work as developer/engineer at Google, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, and similar companies? ; Should I do an MTech from IIT in order to improve my chances of working in companies such as Microsoft, Google, etc. as a software developer?Which indian movie has the biggest collection record? ; Which Indian movie has highest collections?How can I be more polite to people even when I am angry? ; How can I be polite to the people I am angry with?Why do we connect a resistance in series with a galvanometer to convert it into a voltmeter? ; Why can't we connect capacitors in series with a load to improve power factor, rather than in parallel only?What should the purpose of your life? ; What according to YOU is the purpose of life?How can I get the exact downloads and statistics from Google Play? ; I'm not able to download apps from Google Play. What has to be done?How have you simplified your life? ; How do I simplify my messed up life?Why is Mycroft Holmes fat in The Abominable Bride? ; Who actually murdered Sir Eustace Carmichael in The Abominable Bride?What is the most probable cutoff of KVPY SA 2016? ; What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?What are the signs and symptoms that I need more salt in my body? ; Does drinking lemon salt water help in losing weight?What are some good hobbies for teenagers? ; What are some good hobbies?What is the difference between camel crush, camel crush bold, and camel menthol? ; What is the nicotine content of Camel Crush cigarettes?How politics can be studied? ; How do you study politics?Who are the best growth hackers in 2016? ; Who are the best growth hackers?Is a double major in math and economics worth it? ; Should I double major in math and economics?What are the best fonts for designers? ; Which is the best font for logo design?Look at this sequence: 80, 10, 70, 15, 60, ... What number should come next? ; What is the next number in the sequence 1, 1, 1, 4, 1, 16, 1?Why can't I do a single sit up? ; How many sit ups could you do at your peak?What are the best secret things to do in Venice? ; What are the best secret things to do in Rome?What are your views on Punjabi girls? How to impress Punjabi girls (Photos included) like below? ; Why are Punjabi girls so beautiful?Is it all right for a 25 year old man to date an 18 year old girl? ; Is it wrong for me, a 45 year old man to like an 18 year old girl?Do people like Emojis? ; What are emoji's?What does it feel like to be a freight forwarder? ; Is there any freight-forwarding website?How can I make everyone happy? ; What I can do to make everyone happy?How is dry humping done? ; Do girls like dry humping?Do you ever thought of doing suicide? ; Have you ever thought of committing suicide before? What made you change your decision?What are the best books on African history and African culture? ; What are some great books on African-American history?Why can I not see a friends Snapchat score anymore, but their still a friend on my Snapchat? ; Why can't I delete my messages on Snapchat?How do I convince someone not to commit suicide? ; How would you convince someone who decided to commit suicide to live?Are synapses the bottleneck of the brain? ; Are synapses only in the brain?What is the best thing you’ve heard a teacher say? ; What was the most comforting thing you heard someone say?What is the most beautiful volley goal in football history? ; What is the most beautiful goal scored in football history?Was Philadelphia really a shady town in the seventies? ; What are Philadelphia's best neighborhoods?Which building has the best architecture in London? ; Which building has the best architecture in Mumbai?What are the easiest ways to earn money online? ; What are ways of earning money online?Does Google Drive have RSS feeds for folders? ; Is it ok to use Git inside of my Google Drive folder?What does it mean when a girl says she misses you? ; What does it mean when you say to a girl at night you miss her more than she misses you and she says go to bed silly?How do I sync the "Notes" app between my iPhone and my Mac laptop? ; How do I sync Google Keep notes from my laptop to my android device?What is it like for an Indian to live in Dresden, Germany? ; What is it like as an Indian living in Germany?Is it total insanity to begin learning to code at 50? ; Should I learn to Code at 50?How can I see the number used to contact me on messenger? ; What does it mean when on fb messenger says that someone used your number to reach you?Why do Muslims ardently support secularism when they are in minority but fiercely oppose it when in majority? ; Why do Muslims preach secularism when they are in the minority but treat people with other faiths poorly when in the majority?What are some shows like Sons of Anarchy? ; What shows are similar to Sons of Anarchy?What is the actual difference in Navy Seal Team 6 and Navy Seal Team 7? ; What is the difference between Navy SEALS and Navy SWCC?What is a dangling bond? ; What is dangling bond?How do I get fit? ; What's the best way to get fit?How can I improve my pronunciation of English words? ; What should I do to improve my English ?What is the best programming language ever and why? ; Programming Languages: What is the best programming language to master?What were some of the most important causes behind World War 1? ; What was the reason behind world war one and world war two ?What is the best E-reader for PDFs and textbooks? ; What are the best MBA textbooks?How can I get money? ; How do I get more money?What does my kundali reveal about my career? ; What does my Kundali reveal about career?How do you choose the right starter pokemon in any game? ; Which set of starter Pokemon would you choose considering all generations and why?What would happend to me I dont tip in USA? Would they make a scene? ; He told me,he didn't hate me,does it means he like me?Are cats afraid of tigers? ; Are tigers afraid of cats?What happens when you combine H2O and CO2? ; CO2 is to carbon dioxide as H2O is to what?What are some luxury resorts near Jaipur? ; What are some of the best luxury resorts in Jaipur?Where can I access broken web apps in the OWASP Broken Web Applications Project page? ; How do I build a Single page web app?Is wine good for the health? ; How wine is good for health?What is Carbon dioxide - acid or base? ; Why does carbonic acid decompose into water and carbon dioxide?What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017? ; What are your new year resolutions’2017?If a student has failed in the CBSE board and repeats the class 12 from the Bihar Board, is he eligible for JEE? ; I am from NIOS board am I eligible for KVPY examination class 12?What are some best fps games? ; What are some libraries or other resources one with knowledge of Java can use to more easily make a 3D FPS-type game?How do I cure math anxiety? ; How do I get rid of my math anxiety?Why do I feel sleepy during the day? ; Why do I feel sleepy and demotivated the whole day?What's 2 pi? ; What is pi (d^2) /4?How I can speak English fluently? ; How can I take my spoken English to a higher level when I speak good enough but not fluently?Why am I so alone and have no friends? ; Why am I so alone with no friends?What is the best coaching center in Chennai? ; What is the best GATE coaching center in Chennai?C++ free certificate? ; What do you thing of the image?How much of unaccounted or black money in India is held in cash? How much help will we get from demonetisation? ; What is the amount of black money in India the form of currency?What is the proper way to run long distance compared to that of short distance? ; What is proper long distance running form?Do you think that the new MacBook Pro (2016) is worth it? ; Will upgrading to the 2016 MacBook Pro be worth it?Why does the US military not use AK series rifles? ; If the AK-47 is supposedly the best firearm, why doesn't the US military use it?What is a conspiracy charge? ; What is a conspiracy?How real are soul mates? ; Is the soul mate real?How is school changing in the 21st century in Argentina? ; How is school changing in the 21st century in Germany?Which is the best headphone under Rs. 1500? ; Which is the best headphone under rs.1500?Why do birth control pills make your period lighter and help you get rid of hormonal acne? ; Does birth control make your period lighter? Why or why not?Is there any scope to join NASA for an Indian student who has a B.Tech (ME) degree from any UGC recognized university? ; Is MIT Pune's B.Tech in CSE UGC approved?What should I do now ? I failed in every aspect of my life ! ; What do I do when I have failed at every aspect of my life?Is it possible to burn body fat and gain muscle at the same time? If yes how? ; How do I reduce fat and increase muscle mass at the same time?Who is Sai Rahul Paluvai? And why is he a legend? ; How would a free market solve the existing problem of the cycle of poverty?How do I lace open laced shoes? ; What are some ways to lace your shoes?Was Jim DeMint a good and productive senator? ; How can essential oils be dangerous? What are some examples?What is the relationship between wisdom and humor? ; Wisdom: What's the difference between being intelligent and being wise?What is the real incident behind the drowning of the Jadavpur University Engineering student, Ronak Saha? ; Full form of I c u?How do I get suggested on someone's instagram feed? ; How do I get my office listed on Instagram's suggested places?My jee main 2016 score is 134 and cbse board percentage is 90%. Can i get admission in PEC ? ; What rank can I get with 185 in JEE Mains and 90.4% in Cbse boards 2016?Who names the cyclones and how it's done? ; Who names cyclones?What is a positional and non-positional number system? ; Why are there no non-positive non-negative non-zero numbers?What would happen if America or the UK disbanded all police forces? ; What would happen if the United States got rid of all of its police forces?What are your resolutions for 2017? And why? ; What are some of your New Year's resolutions for 2017?Are Ouija boards fake or real? ; Is the Ouija board dangerous?Geology: How long will it take the core of the earth to cool down? ; How long will it take the Earth's core to cool enough to halt tectonic activity?Why is Google Chrome not working but Internet Explorer is? ; Why is Internet Explorer not working but Google Chrome is?What are the best books which tells us the importance of numbers? ; What are the books which give more insight about numbers?What are some natural obligations of geese? ; Why do people go crazy about Lalbaug during Ganesh festival?Can I make 800,000 a month betting on horses? ; Can I make 500,000 a year betting on horses?How can one bring a person back to life? ; Is science capable of bringing the dead back to life?What causes people to have a compulsion to betray the hand that feeds them? ; Why do some people like to feed my ego?Is the demand to Shut Down JNU justified? ; Is the demand to shut down JNU by a section of the people post criminal Afzal Guru anniversary ruckus justified? Why or why not?What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pottawattamie County IA? ; What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Keokuk County IA?What can I do to make myself more attractive to women? ; What can I do to make myself more attractive?How can I get MOOC related to Bachelor of Homoeopathic Medicine & Surgery [B.H.M.S.] developed by Indian doctors/Medical professorial/professors? ; How can I get MOOC related to Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (B.A.M.S.) developed by Indian doctors/Medical professorial/professors?Is $1750 monthly quite enough to live in Phoenix, AZ? ; Where are the best singles bars in Phoenix, AZ?I am 30 years old and want to start my own business. What kind of business can I start with just $50,000 in hand? ; My dad is 53 years old and he wants to start a business with 1 lakh rupees or get a job in jabalpur.What can he do to get 30 thousand a month?How do I dispose my e-waste in India? ; How E-Wastes are disposed in India?Can I use two Jio sim on one dual sim phone? ; Why in Naruto: Shippuden The Longest moment epsiode the chair Itachi was sitting on had one black dot on each side of his head?Can you lose weight in 7 days? ; How do I lose the weight in 7 days by natural ways?Why do Indians have too many rules? ; Why don't Indians obey Indian rules?What 's your favorite book? ; What are some of your favorite books?Why are old TV shows square shaped on modern screens? ; How can I get a percussion pad scratch guard?I have decided to change my life for the better. Please give me a few pointers on how to do this. Comment favourite quotes aswell? ; What are some stupid ways to make money?What are some good anime movies? ; What are some of the best anime shows?How do you recover your Gmail password? ; How do I recover my Gmail password?"How do I get rid of acne and acne…? ; How do I get rid of acne naturally?One of my backlog mark sheets has been missing. I am from Pune University. What is the procedure for a duplicate mark sheet? ; How many chances does one get to clear the first year engineering backlogs in Pune University?Why do we forget dreams so quickly? ; Why do we have dreams and usually forget them the next morning?Who will be the Chinese president after Xi Jinping? ; What do you think of the Chinese president Xi Jinping?Can you cook lentils in a rice cooker? ; How do I cook dal using an electric rice cooker?How do I recover my Google account? ; What are my options for recovering my Google account?How long does USPS First Class International take to ship packages to Singapore? ; How long does USPS First Class International take to ship packages to India?Is it legal to shoot a burglar in your own house? ; Self-Defense: Is it legal to shoot someone who trespasses on your property if they do not enter your house?What's the worst thing you have done at work? ; What are the worst things you have done at work?How can I find a list of "Most viewed Writer" on Quora for any topic? ; How do I get to know guitarists on Quora looking for writers?How do foreigners who have settled in India feel about India? ; Is India a better place for foreign people to settle?When does Aurora Borealis occur? What causes it? ; Why do aurora borealis appear?What are the names of cities communities and towns in Denton County Texas? ; What is the most racist name of a village, town, city or any other location?How much is the tilt of the earth's axis? ; What is the tilt of the Earth's axis?How can I be sure if this girl likes me? ; How can I be sure if a girl likes me or not?What kind of questions do you crave to answer on Quora? ; What kind of questions does Quora want us to ask?How do I graduate high school early? I'm currently a 10th grader. ; I'm a 9th grader taking Algebra 2 which is a class for mostly 10th graders. I caught some of them glancing at my paper during a test. What do I do?What are the best tweets by virender Sehwag? ; Who has the best first tweet on Twitter?What are the most productive 10 things which can be done using a smartphone? ; What are the most productive things one can do with a smartphone?How do you get a company to sponsor you for a work visa in US? ; During high volume trading day(s) on a stock, how do you know whether institutionals are really buying or is it just a classic pump and dump scheme?What are the best education portals in India? ; Which are the best sites for free education in India?What are the diamond shaped structures in the middle of railway tracks? ; What is the function of this additional rail lines inside the main track?I feel tired and drowsy always what might be the reason? ; Why have I always felt so tired my whole life?What's the best way to study for the CLEP chemistry exam? ; What are some of the best ways to study for the APUSH exam?How do I start preparation for upsc exams? ; How should I start my preparation for IAS as an engineering student?Can I get some survey results and stats of Indian consumers regarding e-commerce? ; Can I get some survey results and stats of Indian consumers regarding e-commerce for apparels?How do I come out of comfort zone? ; How do you make yourself completely come out of your comfort zone?Can you camp in Joshua Tree without a tent? ; Where can I camp out in a tent in Interlaken?How are people you are not friends with on Facebook be in your favorites? ; How many Facebook "friends" are you actually friends with?If we had a good 1st date and he tried to kiss me and texted me right after to say he had fun, why is he not contacting me at all for 2 days now? ; If he had such a good time on our date that he had to kiss and text the second it ended, why would he radio silence me for 3 days now?I want to print output as below-10\n 9 8 \n 7 6 5\n 4 3 2 1. How do I do? ; Which is best book to know about "Order statistics" (For beginners)?What are the differences between Ukrainian people and Russians? ; Why do Russian and Ukrainian women love Arabs so much?Why is Narendra Modi not attending the parliament on demonetization issue? ; Why is Modi not attending the Parliament after demonetization?Will DRDO's excaliber rifle be the one of best rifles of the world? ; What are the best rifle scopes in the world today?What percentage of people are voting for Hillary Clinton just because they don't want to vote for Donald Trump? ; Do you think the only reason people are voting for Hillary is because No one wants Donald?How do I recover my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery mail ID? ; How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?Why asking questions is better than answering them on Quora? ; Why is asking questions on Quora way less rewarding than answering questions?Can you get high eating a few specks of weed accidentally? ; I've heard yes and no, can eating raw weed get you high the slightest bit?Why is Russia leaning towards Pakistan-China by denying long term relationship with India? ; Is Russia siding with Pakistan?How can I move my whatsapp account with the same number to a new phone? ; How do I get to my WhatsApp account using a new phone?Can I earn money on Quora? ; How can I earn money through Quora?How does Instagram search work? ; Why has my Instagram top search listed an account (a person) that I haven't searched before?How thick, tall, deep, and long would Trump's wall have to be built to be effective at keeping out illegals crossing the border? ; How effective was the Great Wall at protecting China's border?Waht is diploid? ; What is the best free online IQ test?What are the pros and cons of division of a big state into smaller ones? ; What are pros and cons of carving out another state of Telangana?How do you teach kids about adverbs? ; What are some good adverbs?Why do we associate love with the heart? ; Should we love with our whole hearts?Is muhammed a true prophet? ; God descends to protect men. Dr. Ambedkar emancipated the downtrodden. Is Ambedkar a prophet of God?What is the cheapest, easiest, least painful way to commit suicide? ; What is best way to commit suicide painlessly?Is there a good overview of the Cloud Computing market out there? ; What is Amazon Web Services good for?What goes through your mind when you’re about to give a speech on television in front of millions of people? ; What goes through your mind when you are about to give a speech on television in front of millions of people watching you?Why am I angry with myself? ; Why am I always angry?What are some useful tricks in complex numbers? ; Are there any tricks in complex numbers?Http://www.fitclown.com/lose-wat... #lose #weight #water? ; What is a good solar panel installation provider in Jamul, California CA?Should I break up with my girlfriend? What do you think? ; Should I break up with my girlfriend?What's the best way to tell a friend they have body odor issues? ; How do you tell a friend or colleague they they have body odor without offending them?How much % alcohol is present in rice? ; Is 5-6 units of alcohol twice a week too much?Do escorts ever fall in love with a client? ; How often do escorts fall in love with their clients?Do you think social media websites like Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Quora etc. can gradually transform humans to be more intelligent and compassionate? ; If you were going to write a social media type web site today like Facebook, Twitter or even Quora would it be smartest to use C++, Scala, Python (I am thinking) or any other languages like Haskell - Opinions?What are the best small classes for freshmen at Amherst College? ; How do I get admitted to Amherst College?Given a long enough exposure time can cheap cameras outperform expensive ones? ; With a long enough exposure will all cameras have the same quality?What was Jon Stewart like in college? ; What is Jon Stewart like in person?Can I get some feedback on these logos I made? ; Can i get some feedback on this logo?What are the best trucking movies? ; What is the best trucking movie?What are the qualifications needed in order to get an equity research analyst position in India (at brokerage houses/mutual funds etc.)? ; As an engineer, how can I get a job as equity research analyst in India?Do employees at Capital Bank have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at Christopher & Banks have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?Was The Clone Wars Anakin portrayed better than in the movies? ; Why is Star Wars: The Clone Wars considered such a bad movie?What can a man do if a woman rapes him? ; How can a man get raped by a woman?Why do French Canadians have such low interest in the culture of France? ; Why do second generation French emigrants from Maghreb "Beurs" have so many problems living in France and feeling French?What is capitalism? ; Can begging be dropped?Why were US carriers absent from Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, yet all the older, slower battleships were still there? ; What would have happened if the Japanese had not attacked Pearl Harbor? Would the U.S. have still gotten into the war with Germany?What is the best password manager? ; What's a good password manager?I am a gay Muslim. What should I do? ; If I'm a gay Muslim in a Muslim country, what do I do?How do I import artifacts? ; Why are artifacts considered important?What TV series are like Game of Thrones? ; What are some epic series like game of thrones?What is IGNOU Bcom A&F degree for CA students ? What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing it? ; Is B.Com(A&F) from IGNOU is best option of graduation for CA students?How can I stop thinking about everything? ; How can I stop thinking about someone?Is Spain a former country? ; What is the common opinion about Spain and Spaniards in other countries?What are the things that an Indian can be proud of? ; What are some things Indians should be proud of?How long does it generally take for a bruise to form after being hit in the face? ; Why don't football players show more bruises given the incredible amount of hits that they take?What are the worst commutes in Orlando? What are some tips for making them better? ; What are the worst commutes in Montréal? What are some tips for making them better?What's the body that governs sports in the UK, and its (email) contact point? ; What's the body that governs sports in Brazil? And its (email) contact point?Where can I get list of stylish collection of designer floor tiles in Sydney? ; Where can I get best qualities outdoor tiles in Sydney?Should I be learning Swift? ; Should I learn Swift (the programming language)?How come Saudi princes aren't the richest in the world? ; Why isn't Google the richest company in the world?If my wife went to the hospital 2 days straight, sent home with a CO2 level of 6 and low glucose and 2 days later the baby dies. Are they at fault? ; Two months ago I slept with someone without using protection, the next day I took the after pill and a few weeks later I got my period. However, I have been gaining weight, Could I possibly be pregnant?Why does M.S Dhoni left captaincy for ODI and T20? ; Why did MS Dhoni resign as ODI and T20 Captain?What are the various options available after graduating from an IIT? ; Can someone get a 60 lacs+ package while working in India after graduating from IIT Delhi?How do I install OS X on a Hyper-V VM? ; Can I install OS X v10.10 Yosemite on my HP laptop?Do you like to travel alone? ; Do you like to travel?Has life been found on any other planet? ; Is there life on other planets and are they more advanced than us?What's your new year resolution do or not to do? ; What's your new year resolution for 2017?Definition of specific gravity? ; What is specific gravity?Why do Italians talk with their hands? ; Why do Italians speak with their hands?How do I cure stinginess? ; How do I cure my mom from stinginess?If you remove someone from the people you may know list on Facebook do they ever come back as a suggestion? ; If I remove someone who I think keeps viewing my Facebook profile from FB's People you may know list, does that person come back as a suggestion?Is tattoo not allowed in IPS? ; Are tattoos allowed in IPS?What is the difference between “ascertain” and "find out" in the following sentences? ; What are the differences in meaning between these two sentences?How much is an HVAC inspection? ; What is a four point home inspection?How do I stop male hair loss? ; What are the best options for hair loss?What happens if you fall in love with your professor? ; As a professor, what happens if you fall in love with your student?How will Trump's presidency affect prospective international students from Syria? ; How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?Which is a better tour operator, Kesari or Veena World? ; How do tour operators plan a package holiday?Why do people in many developing countries think China is already a developed country in the world? ; Is China a developed country?Which are the best video editing softwares? ; What is the best software to use for video editing?Is it a good idea to go to law school if you want to become a politician? ; Is it a good idea to go to law school if you don't want to be a lawyer?What does Donald Trump have in common with Alexander the Great? ; How smart is Donald Trump?What are some good books for optimization? ; What is the best book on optimization?What is your favorite craft beer in a can? ; Craft Beer: Does the Westvleteren 12 live up to the hype?How Indian IT slavery can be stopped? ; Are Indian ashamed of 2000 years of slavery?What is the best website for cognizant placement papers? ; What are the best websites to prepare for placements?What are the effects of space pollution? ; What are the effects of pollution?What is Indian army field artillery? ; What is the Indian Army's artillery?What is the Heisenberg uncertainty priciple? ; What is Heisenberg's uncertainty principle?Does the Bible indicate that in the last days people will not be able to tell the seasons apart? ; What are the most helpful Bible verses in our day to day life?Can magnetism be used to slingshot objects in the same way that planets can slingshot spacecraft via gravitational attraction? ; can I use magnets to push an object in motion away from another object in motion using repulsion?What are the strengths and weaknesses of self-report surveys? ; Who conducts fortune survey and flash survey?How can I cope with fear of flying? ; How do you overcome a fear of flying?What's the name of the song in this link below? ; What is the song in the link below?How much work is too much work? ; What do you do when there is too much work to do?What is the difference between a artificial neural network and a spiking neural network? ; What is the difference between an artificial neural network and a biological neural network?Does discrimination trump the First Amendment of the US Constitution? ; Why is the first amendment of the US Constitution so important?Is Donald Trump the 666 Antichrist? ; Is Trump the anti-Christ?What is the greatest mystery of all time? ; What is the greatest mystery in earth?What does it feel like to live in a war zone? ; What is it like to live in an active conflict zone?What does it take to become an entrepreneur? ; How one should become an entrepreneur? What are the steps he/she needs to take?Which is the best college for M.Sc in maths? ; Which is the best college for M Sc in Maths in Maharashtra?What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth? ; What's the sole purpose of life?Is there any good reason to eat milk chocolate bar? ; How do I inform my comrades that I have changed my moral standards?What are some examples of high school accomplishments? ; What should it be looking to be accomplishing academically as a sophomore in high school?Is it illegal to call 911 and ask questions? ; What would happen if a 911 call center had to call 911?Why won't YouTube play my videos in Google Chrome? ; Why isn't Google Chrome playing YouTube videos?Is the human voice amplitude modulated or frequency modulated? ; Is a vector uniform field costant in module? If it is, why is this so?If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, can infinite energy be created? Is it potential energy or potentiality infinite? ; If energy is created and not conserved in an expanding universe (that expands without limit) can infinite energy be created then?How much does Adobe Photoshop cost? Where can I get it? ; Is Adobe After Effects worth the cost? Why or why not?What is the programming language used to develop Windows 10? ; What language should I use to develop Windows point-of-sale application?How do I search content for image in Google? ; Safety procedures for poison?What is Linkedin's corporate slogan? What does it mean? ; What is Asana's corporate slogan? What does it mean?How did Dumbledore gain the most powerful wand? ; Who gave dumbledore the wand?Is it illegal to sell oregano saying that it is weed? ; Is it illegal to sell oregano if you tell the buyer that it is weed?To learn angular 2 , should I start with AngularJS? ; Which should I start with: Angular 2 or AngularJS 1?What is the meaning of the name Athira? ; What do you think of the name LaTasya?What are interfacing peripheral devices? ; What is a peripheral device?Will mankind ever travel back and forth through time? ; Can we travel back in time or to the future?What is reddit and how to use it? ; How do I use Reddit efficiently?How do I check FICA tax refund status? ; How do I know my social security and medicare tax refund status?I am taking an assembly course in college, and they asked us to do a project and i was wondering what sort of projects can be done with assembly? ; I am a beginner in the area of machine learning. What papers can I go through to get started? Also, what projects can I take up on my own and complete quickly so that I can approach professors?How do i gain weight by working out? ; Why do I gain weight working out?How long do ants live? ; How long does an ant typically live?What are some lesser known facts about Indian cricketers? ; What are some mind-blowing facts or incidents about the Indian cricket players that most Indians don't know about?Why not UP- Bihari jounalist of Delhi criticise to UP-Bihar for their castism, criminalism, high fertility rates, less respect to women, dirtiness? ; What is the best course to learn and conduct dental reseach?Was Akbar a great ruler? ; Was Akbar Really Great?Why do folks ask questions on Quora that a Google search could answer faster and more accurately? ; Why do people ask stupid questions on Quora that could be easily answered by Google?Why isn't there Father's Day? ; Why is Father's Day important?How does Loopsone dating app works? ; If the insert operation is greater than than search, then which search algorithm is faster? Binary search or Linear search?When did Darwin make up -- sorry, "discover" -- evolution? ; Can Darwin's theory of evolution ever be proven?I don't know you but what is one thing you would like me to know about you? ; What is the one thing no one knows about you?How do I memorize faster? ; How do you memorize faster for my exam tomorrow?As a computer science student, how can I get good internships? ; How can I get good internship for computer science?Which are the three must watch movies and why? ; Named few movies what should anyone watch in their lifetime?What are some Navy boot camp stories? ; What do you do in Navy boot camp?When I can't physically be there to help my partner through a depressive episode, what are some ways I can provide them or show them support? ; What should you do when you can't schedule visits to boarding schools? What are some ways you can show them that you belong there and increase chancesWhere are the best places to train to become a sommelier in England? ; Where are the best places to train to become a sommelier in France?What is the current medical consensus on the validity and utility of the concept of metabolic syndrome? ; What is the relationship between power, velocity, cadence and altitude when riding a bike?On a freeway where an accident has occurred on the neutral zone between channelizing lines, what is a safe speed to drive on the adjacent lanes? ; Is it appropriate to ask my former boss to write a recommendation on LinkedIn?Startup and Private Valuations: What are the typical revenue/EBIT/EBITDA multiples of staffing firms in India? ; Right multiple for social marketing software start-up with 35% EBIT?What were the struggles of Swami Vivekananda for the society? ; Do you love Swami Vivekananda? Why?What countries does the Equator go through? ; Can you go from one country to the neighbouring country by car?I have just found out that a series of comments I wrote have been invisibly deleted. What do I do? ; How can I get a regular customer to stop starting conversations with other patrons that aren't interested in what he has to say?What is a Walmart Rollback? What are they for? ; What are the customer service hours at Walmart?What is the difference between Note 1 and 2? ; What is the Difference between a note and a phone?What is the important quality of a developer, Tech lead and Manager? ; Why do so many "tech people" (like software developers) hate middle management?How do you compare the density of a solid, liquid, and gas? ; How do you compare the density of solids liquids and gases?Autism: Why do people think autistic people with special skills have those skills because of their autism? ; Is autistic thinking the same as schizophrenic autism?Can I use bootstrap 3 with MEAN stack? ; What is the best CMS to use with Twitter Bootstrap?What does Noam Chomsky think of communism? ; Noam Chomsky: What do you think of Islam?Which are the top MBA colleges in coimbatore? ; Which are the top MBA colleges in Bangalore?How can I download a video from this website? ; How can I download any video from any websites?How do you imagine the power of gogetrunks in Dragon Ball? ; Who is the real Monaka in Dragon Ball Super?Which manga is better: Hunter x Hunter or One Piece? ; In Hunter x Hunter, who must have sent the eagle to attack Komugi?What is best investment option? ; What is best option to investment?What are some Post-colonial aspects in Little Snow-White? ; Why did the Dutch Empire have so little colonies in the 20th Century?Why do terrorist organizations take responsibility after an attack? ; Is Hamas a terrorist group?At 42 years old I need to make a career change. I'm hoping to do a skilled manual labor like an electrician. How realistic is this considering my age and being a woman? ; Should I take time away from dating to focus on a career change? I'm a 33 year old male.If one somehow used to highly stigmatize or even hate a group of people and then suddenly discovered him or herself to be a part of it? ; What should a guy do when in the middle of a conversation his girlfriend switches over to watching movies than talking to him?Can a chinese QI wireless charger cause a fire by overheating? ; Why is my laptop charger overheating?What are the do's and don't’s of a person suffering from epilepsy? ; I suffer from borderline personality disorder and my boyfriend doesn't understand it. How do I help him understand so he will be more patient with me?Why do any of you Americans support Trump? ; How do you deal with work when you and your girlfriend are working in the same office?What social customs and mores, in the U.S., that have changed have had negative consequences to society? ; Are jobs hated or revered in U.S. society?If you had to commit suicide, how would you do it and why? ; If you had to commit suicide how would you do it?Who has a higher chance of winning the presidential elections? Donald Trump or democrat opponent? ; Is Donald Trump likely to win the 2016 election (late 2015 / early 2016)?How can I get rid of my foot fetish? ; How do I get rid of a feet fetish?What are the various ways through which one can earn money online? ; How do I earn money from the Internet?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?Why are Judy and Kyle absent in Pokémon Ranger and Tbe Temple of The sea manga? ; The most dramatic way you ever quit a job?How can I get into the field of mass media after engineering? ; How do I get a job after completing M. Tech. in Civil engineering field?What is role of travel consolidators in a travel booking system? ; What is the role of travel suppliers in a travel booking system?What is the meaning or purpose of life? ; What the meaning of this all life?Why does pinterest load slowly? ; Do any celebrities use Pinterest?Three upperclassmen at my school jokingly pull their pants all the way down when urinating. How can I properly express my disgust? ; What is the best way to express your anger?When a new president is being sworn in (for example, he is Muslim in a 50/50 Christian/Muslim nation), does he put his hand on the Bible or Koran and say "so help me God"? ; What if a Christian saves a Muslim, and dies saving his or her life. Will he go to Heaven or Hell?Will Hillary Clinton win the Presidential election? ; Is Clinton likely to win the election?How can I view deleted Instagram messages or text? ; How do you get deleted Instagram chats?What are some of the best side dishes for crab cakes? ; What are some good side dishes for teriyaki chicken?How much money did you make freelancing? ; How do I make money freelancing?Why does sex feel so great when one is doing cocaine? ; Why doesn't my girlfriend feel high when she takes cocaine?Can I use Reliance Jio only for making free unlimited voice calls without recharging with data plans? ; How do I activate the unlimited data and voice call offer on Jio sim in a Reliance LYF mobile?What's the best digestive enzymes? ; Do digestive enzymes help?Does the medulla oblongata control aggression? ; Why do people say I'm aggressive?What kind of people should we avoid? ; What are the types of people that you should always avoid?Does everyone fall in love at some point? ; Can everyone fall in love?Is bungee jumping dangerous? ; How safe is bungee jumping?Is there any possibility to store lightning for usage? ; Why can't we store lightning energy?What is history (or stories) of village Gods of Tamil Nadu, Rakkayi Amman and Pechi Amman? ; Is Seeman rising in Tamil Nadu?What do software engineering interns do? ; What is it like to be a software engineering intern at Airbnb?Are vegans allowed to swallow? ; Would vegans view animal consumption as morally permissible if the animals were allowed a full life and only consumed after dying from natural causes?What does Bee Pollen tablets do? ; What are some anime where the characters talk like normal people?Do you have a photographic memory? ; Photographs as memories vs art?What are the different bug bounty programs? ; Does Uber have a bug bounty program?What is the best way to round to the nearest integer? ; How can you round a number to the nearest integer?How do I turn off my Casio watch alarm? ; How do you turn off a alarm on a iHome clock?How can I lose weight without doing excercise? ; Can I lose weight without dieting? If yes, how?Should I get the new MacBook? Is it worth it? ; Is a MacBook worth it?What are the tips and best books for preparing NTSE? ; What are the best books to prepare for NTSE?Why do subpolar zones have low air pressure? ; What causes low air pressure in the Earth's atmosphere?What is the limit in HDFC securities? ; Does Tim Ferriss still do weighlifiting and bodybuilding?Why was cyrus mistry removed? ; What went wrong with Cyrus Mistry as Tata Group chairman and why was he ousted?What got you into real estate investing? ; What is real estate investing?How should I reply yes to this homecoming ask out? ; What are some ways to ask a cheerleader to homecoming?How can I make a perfect BBQ steak? ; What makes a perfect steak?How do I become slim in one to two months without gyming? ; How can I become slim in a month?I had smallpox when I was 6 months old. Is it necessary to get a booster at 25? ; I'm a 25 year old engineering graduate working in a public sector bank for 2 years, banking bores me, I was good at programming, I have always faired excellent in all the aptitude examinations, is it too late to change my line of work? Can I get a high paying job only on the basis of aptitude?Give names of some of the best horror movies? ; What some best horror movies?What should I do to make career in mechatronics? ; How can I start my career in mechatronics?Which is the best internet connection in U.S.A? ; Which is the best internet connection in Canada?How do you trace a pinger phone number? ; How do I trace a TextNow number?How will I know for sure when it's the right time to euthanize my ailing 16 year old dog? ; When will I know that it is time to put my 14-year-old dog to sleep?What is most valuable to you? ; What's the most valuable sound?Who is the richest man in Nigeria? ; Who is the richest man?Can I restore my deleted emails from a Gmail account? ; How can I recover my old mail from a Gmail account?Transferring to a Ivy League? ; How are mobile learning apps changing the face of education industry?Can I get pregnant if I have sex while I have my period? ; Can you get pregnant having sex during your period?What are the best way of loose the weight? ; What are the best was to lose weight?How can I prevent mosquitos from biting me? ; How can I prevent ants from biting me?Which is the best and genuine immigration consultant in Bangalore? ; What are good and credible immigration consultants in Bangalore?How do I remove Jio 1 GB data limit? ; Is there a limit in a Jio sim?What is the things outside universe? ; What is the thing outside universe?Why won't my computer print my Word documents? ; How do I make a word document landscape?In the poem 'The Road not Taken' by Robert Frost, is the line 'and that has made all the difference' leaning towards positivity or negativity? ; Robert Frost: What was the moment in your life that drove you towards astro physics?Who is the owner of www.sexstorian.com? ; How legit is www.wtsof.com?If I block a person on WhatsApp and if the person happens to be in WhatsApp groups of which I am also a part of, will I still be able to see his/her messages in the group? ; What is the best answer given by a person, when there are too many good morning messages in a WhatsApp group?Why do wheelchairs have a camber angle to their wheels? ; Why do wheelchairs have slanted wheels?Which one is better: Audi or BMW? ; What car is better Audi rs7 or bmw m6 gran coupe?How will Pope Benedict XVI's successor be chosen? ; What will be Pope Benedict XVI's legacy as a Pope?What does it mean when you have blood clots but no period? ; What does it mean when your blood doesn't clot well?Marketing agency myrtle beach? ; What is the best way to convert any knowledge base into a decision tree that can be easily used to build a chat bot?How can I get a job in Dubai if I am living in U.S? ; How can one get a job in Dubai?What are the best Doctor Doom stories? ; What are the best comics featuring Doctor Doom?Why is it easy for girls to mug up the theory subjects but not the directions on road? ; Are there any scholarships for 2nd year CSE toppers?What is the best music album of all time? ; What is the Best album ever?Is it possible to boot windows with SD card bec. my hard disk is crashed and and dont have any other hard drive? ; Is it necessary to upload documents in passport?How can I become a research assistant in IIT? ; How can I become a research assistant to an author?Should I listen to music to learn English? ; What is the best way to learn to write well in english?How can I earn money online? ; How can I start to make money online?How do I get more followers for my Quora? ; How do you get more followers on Quora?What is one sided love for you? ; What is one-sided love?Are we in another Great Depression? ; Could there ever be another Great Depression?What is the best Perl web app framework? ; What is the best Python web app framework? And why?Academic and Educational Advice: What are the top one-year master's programs in computer science in the US? ; Is there a one-year MS program in the US for computer science? If so, what are the universities that offer this?What is better than Quora? ; What is better than Quora for Q & A?What is your favorite pet? Why? ; What is your favorite pet photo?How can a girl know if a boy loving him without talking to him? ; How can a boy know if a girl likes him or not?In a bacteria cell, what does the capsule do? ; What is the function of a bacterial cell capsule?How difficult is it to get a permission for shooting in local trains and stations for students? ; Do I need permission to take pictures of train with a point and shoot camera?How can you make soap with out lye or glycerin? ; How do I make soap?Why do some people not want children? ; Why do people care so much if you say you don't want children?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Spirit Realty? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Federal Realty?In which core leader competency do you create and promulgate a version of the future? ; Was Napoleon a competent leader?Should the government regulate the Internet based services? ; Is Internet governance too US-centric?Where can I get very competitive exterior plastering service in Boston? ; Where can I get high quality plastering services in Boston at very competitive rates?Why does the U.S. aggressively keep militarizing Japan, Philippine islands and South Korea? ; Why are Japan and the U.S. so excited in the world to hold the fake UN backed Tribunal verdict tightly to incite Philippine against China ?What does it mean when someone says it's complicated? ; What does it mean when someone says this?What is purpose of life? ; What is the purpose of life according to YOU?How are muslims any different from just another denomination of christianity? ; As an Indian Muslim (or even Indian Christian), how would you explain the differences in Islamic or Christian worship from that of Hindu worship, to a Hindu? Why certain things which Hindus follow are not allowed in your worship, etc?Which is better: reading manga or watching anime? ; Do you prefer manga over anime?Is our solar system native to the milky way galaxy? ; Why is our solar system or milky way almost flat?What causes conflict between North Korea and South Korea? ; What features allow Swift to stand out more as a programming language?How do I increase metabolism? ; How can one speed up metabolism?What's on your Christmas list this year? What do you hope 'Santa' will bring you? ; What's your Christmas list?What can I do to become debt free? Will I ever be debt free? ; How do I become debt free?What would the world be like without news? ; If you were given two hours to be someone else, what person would you select to be and why so?How has Disney's culture changed since the Pixar acquisition? ; How has Pixar's culture changed since the Disney acquisition?Is anyone willing to join Vajiram and Ravi for UPSC in 2017? ; Is anyone joining Vajiram and Ravi for the upcoming July 2017 Batch?Can a mission critical application based on Oracle run on unreliable storage? ; Does AWS provide Oracle for storage? Is there a free trial for this?What are some of the things you dislike about American brands? ; What are some of the things you dislike about American brands and products?How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Srinagar's, and what authority oversees them? ; How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Bhopal's, and what authority oversees them?Is Oculus done? ; What is oculus?What is the best time for studying? Why? ; What is the best time to study?Why did Mao Zedong change the name to PRC instead of proclaiming himself the new leader of ROC after Chiang Kai-Shek and the KMT fled to Taiwan? ; How did Mao Zedong defeat Chiang Kai Shek?How can I read Facebook messenger messages without showing a "read receipt" for them? ; I sent a free Facebook message to a non-friend, so it will appear in their "others" folder. I need them to read it now. If I pay for the message now, will it move to their inbox folder?What the science behind hypnosis orgasm? ; What is the science behind hypnosis orgasm?How do buffalo meat and cow beef differ? ; How are buffalo meat and cow beef similar?Should develop countries help poor countries? ; Why should wealthy countries help poor countries?Why are 500 and 1000 notes being banned in India? ; What are the reasons why eradication of 1000 rs and 500 rs notes?What is the main difference between Jews and Muslims? ; As a non-Muslim, did you read the Quran? What did you think?Why were Africans used as slaves instead of Native Americans? ; What were some of the names used by Native Americans for the land that we now call the US (continental)?How can UX solve conflicts with Graphic designer? ; Should a serious IIT aspirant give VIT, BITS entrance exams?Why does he want to have sex with me not her? ; Why did he chose me to have sex with?How much do websites earn on clicks? ; How do websites earn?How long does it take to drive across the United States? ; When is the best time of year to drive across the United States?Are there any tutorials to build a game like Temple Run using the Unity3D game engine, or any other game engine? ; How long does it take to build a Temple Run like game with Unity?When/how did you realize were not straight? ; When/how did you realize you were gay/bisexual? Were you in denial?Where can you get a Scooby Doo dog coll? ; Can you get a Scooby Doo collar for your dog?Why did plasma screen TVs die off? ; Is the quality of the vt30 series of the Panasonic plasma TVs significantly different  from the vt20 series?What do you think the cutoff of KVPY 2016 SA would be? ; What do you think about the KVPY 2016 paper?Why is Tokyo so big? ; Why has Tokyo grown to be a such large city?What is the creamy layer and the non-creamy layer in the OBC category? ; I belong to the OBC creamy layer category, can I still get into a college through the OBC cut off?Have the Ancient Mayans been scientifically tested? ; Has Ancient Mesopotamia been scientifically tested?I am Chinese, and I made up the English name "Sherkiy" for myself. Is it strange? What are some suggestions? ; Why do Hong Kong people tend to have a higher proportion of "strange" first English names?How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes bring out the black money of the big shots who have lots of it in the Swiss bank in a different currency? ; How is demonetizing the Rs 500 and 1000 currencies affects Indian economy? How this affect the black money in Swiss accounts?How much does Lazada charge merchants for selling on their platform in Indonesia? ; How much does Lazada charge merchants for selling on their platform in Singapore?Which top mobile app development companies have built mobile and tablet e-commerce apps? ; Which top mobile app development companies have built m-Commerce apps?What could be the effect of GST bill on Indian economy? ; How can the GST bill, passed by the Rajyasabha yesterday, boost the Indian economy?How do I know if someone viewed my profile on Whatsapp? ; How do I know how many people saw my profile picture in WhatsApp?Is investing in books published in India to be sold in the US and UK via Amazon a good idea? ; Is it a good idea to publish a programming book under a pen name?What are cases where doxing achieved something good? ; Do you think that accident case is considered as a police case?How powerful is Sun Wukong? ; Who are top 10 strongest enemies that Sun Wukong fought against?Will Russia support India, in case of war with Pakistan? ; If a nuclear war happens between India and Pakistan. Will Russia support India or it will act as a neutral state?What are some examples of metalloid elements? ; What are some examples of elements and compounds?How do I find the best contract manufacturers for cosmetics? ; How do I lease machinary of herbal cosmetic manufacturing plant? Do I have to take new licences? How much time it takes in Maharashtra?Who are the best karateka in NYC? ; Who is the best karateka alive?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at RCS Capital? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Store Capital?Is it really possible to send a virus through a picture message? ; Is there an app that can send automated WhatsApp messages?What colors are in the Mexican flag and what does the flag mean? ; What is the significance of the colors in the Mexican flag?Is there any site to find cheap tickets with discount coupon? ; How can I find cheap discount coupon online?What are some lesser known facts about Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah? ; In Taarak Mehta, when would the Popatlal marriage be done?What is the average match rate for guys on Tinder? ; How does the Tinder algorithm work?How do I teach myself? ; How can I teach myself?What is a list of the subfields of psychology and what are their distinctions? ; What are the subfields of psychology?With Twitter's dying user base would it be benefital for Facebook to go for a buyout? ; If people on Twitter are called "tweeps," what are Facebook users called?What are the most read Wikipedia articles? ; What is the most read English wikipedia article?What are the best books for preparation of gate exam(me)? ; What is the best book for gate preparation?Is it true that snakes/pythons can hypnotize their prey? ; How do Golden Lancehead Vipers get a consistent supply of prey on Ilha da Queimada Grande, aka Snake Island?Which is the best mobile below 15000? ; Which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000?What is the best way to learn discipline? ; How do I develop discipline?What can you learn from MS Dhoni? ; What can we learn from Mahendra Singh Dhoni?How do I use condom? ; How do I use a condom effectively?What is the county of Edgware and how does the lifestyle compare to the London Borough of Bromley? ; What is ‘Edgware’ and how does the lifestyle compare to the London Borough of Brent?What happens when I report an Instagram page? ; What happens if I report an account on Instagram will that person find out it was me?Is Nationalism a disease? ; What are Quorans' views on patriotism and why?What are preprocessor macros in C programming? ; What are the functions of preprocessor directives in C?Why is it not possible for one to use 4 pairs of dry cells especially 12 volts to start a car when 12 volts of a wet cell can start a car? ; How do I explain to a class 7 student, why electric power uses measurement of 110 Volt or 220 Volt, and not simply as 100 V or 200 V?How is it like to have sex with a stranger? ; What is it like to have sex with a friend?How can I stop being boastful? ; In you opinion, what is the best Explosions in the Sky album?What caused the Big Bang? ; Which elements collision caused big bang?How do Kepler's Law state gravitation? ; What are Kepler's Laws?How can I make use of my knowledge to contribute to code in Github? ; How do I contribute on GitHub?What are some of the truths about life in DU? ; What are some truths about life?Why did Hitler attempt to conquer so many countries and exterminate the Jews? ; Why do we pay so much attention to the Jews killed by Hitler and not all the other types of people?How many animals are estimated to be killed yearly from fireworks? ; Why can so many insects and animals drop from a height many times their body length and not get hurt, but humans cannot?How do I stop WhatsApp messages when internet is there? ; Can I go offline from WhatsApp without disconnecting from the Internet?Could Bernie Sanders still become president? ; Will bernie sanders ever become president?What are some of the best books on computer science? ; What are the best books on computer science for complete beginners?What are the secrets only the wealthy know and the middle class is unaware of? ; Does the wealthy class in the U.S. tend to have more hedonistic values than the middle and upper middle classes?How do I see someone's phone number on messenger? ; How do I find someone by their phone number?How do I lose body fat quickly? ; How can I lose weight quickly?My grandfather is 92 yrs old & is diagnosed with infection in both of his lungs. Docs hv sggstd surgery. What should we do? ; What digital marketing is all about? And how one can learn digital marketing and earn money?Who has most followers on Quora Right now? ; Who has the most followers on Quora?How can we solve these two questions? Q.12 & Q.13 ; How should I solve these two questions?Is it true that permanent shadows were formed during the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and that humans were vaporized in the kill zone? What is the cause of these permanent shadows? ; How long was it unsafe to live in Hiroshima and Nagasaki after the atomic bombs were dropped?Where can I get best support in Sydney for buying, selling or transferring a property? ; Where can I get quality support in Sydney for purchasing a property?Why do I yawn when I was bored? ; Is yawning contagious? If so, why? What's the evidence?Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Logan County IL? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Adams County IL?Can you die after trying ecstasy or cocaine once? ; What does a cocaine high feel like?Which is correct, my family is or my family are? ; What is the meaning of family? Whom can be included in family?Why did I get my period 6 days late? ; What does it mean when your period is three days late?How do I not celebrate my birthday? ; What is the best way to celebrate your birthday?How do you use Fastmail? ; Which computers are using Linux?How can you listen to the radio on an iPod? ; How will I be able to listen to the radio from my smartphone or iPhone?Which colors combine to make brown? ; What are complementary colors for brown?What are the best mobile advertising APIs? ; What is the best mobile advertising you have seen?What are some good books for learning about electronics? ; What are the best books in electronics?What sort of person brings out your fun side? ; What sort of person brings out your fun side or your funny side?How can I remove Atom text editor from Ubuntu 16.04? ; How do I install Ubuntu 16.04 on Ubuntu 14.04?How can moisturizer cause spots? ; How does moisturizing prevent spots?Why is gay marriage considered legal? ; Why did gay marriage get legalized in America?What does the nuclear membrane do? ; What purpose does the nuclear membrane serve? What are its functions?What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Aberdeenshire, UK? ; What strikes first time visitors as special or unusual when they arrive in Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, UK?Did Trump land the DC post office project by fair/impartial/blind competitive bidding, or did he get access to the property by some other process? ; I saw on Yahoo that Will Smith said we need to cleanse Trump supporters from our country. Did he really say this or was this made up by the media?What is Google referral programme? ; Can an employee who works at Google provide referral for someone outside his/her location?How do I stop negative self-talk every time I go through something negative? ; How do I stop negative self-talk and judging people?What is the percentage of placements in the college of SSIPMT (Shri Shankracharya College of Engineering, Raipur)? ; Which are the best law colleges in Raipur?Can array allocate dynamic memory? ; Are dynamic allocations of array allowed in C?What is the political, social, economic and cultural status of women in rural areas of Amazon? ; What is the political, social, economic and cultural status of women in rural areas of Mexico?How do I improve RAM performance of my Redmi Note 3 smartphone? ; Which is better, Redmi Note or Redmi Note 4G? Why?When will Redmi Note 3 be available on Flipkart and Snapdeal? ; When will Xiaomi Redmi note 3 be available in market again in India?Does the habit of a person change? ; How can a person change a bad habit?What's the difference between consulting and business development? ; What is the difference between a business plan and a business model?How do I speak English fluently at an interview? ; How To speak English Fluently ?What are the pros and cons of being a real estate agent? ; What are the pros and cons of real estate investing?What's the mood in Israel like as Trump has been declared victorious? ; What's the mood in Russia like as Trump has been declared victorious?Do you kiss your children on the lips? ; Why do some parents kiss their children on the lips?What are some of the most awkward moments when you are with your parents? ; What is the most awkward moment you have ever experienced?Are only 25% of NIT admissions based on merit? ; How many siblings is too many?How do you make friends post-college? ; How do I make new friends after college?Can God make a boulder so heavy he can't lift it? ; If God is real could he make a rock that is too heavy for him to lift?Can Dyson Fan and vacuum technology be used in a jet engine design? ; Can a jet engine produce thrust using something other than petrol?How do I convince investors for my startup idea? ; How do I get to just tell investors about my startup idea?How do I unlock my Yahoo Mail account? ; How do you disable a Yahoo account?Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Kylo Ren? ; Did Kylo Ren wear a mask because it was First Order uniform or because he was an insecure Vader wannabe?I have to masturbate three times to feel an orgasm sometimes two the doctors do notbelieve me andtold me to"wait until I am sexually active to worry"? ; I have to masturbate 3 times to feel an orgasm sometimes only 2 times what is wrong with me I went to the doctor and they do not believe me?Why do you dislike rap music? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Park Sterling?How are prime numbers and the nontrivial zeros of the Riemann zeta function related? ; Are the zeroes of the Riemann zeta function simple?What's the best way to learn python on my own? ; What is the best source to learn Python?What are ways I can make money online? ; What is make money online?What is the value of the American dollar? ; Do pennies destroy the value of the American dollar?How can I make 1 million dollars with none to start? ; What is the best way to make a million dollars?Has Hyundai/Kia caught up in quality to Toyota and Honda? ; Why don't Nissan/Infiniti cars hold value like Honda/Acura or Toyota/Lexus?What are the impacts (both positive & negative) of declining crude oil prices on Indian economy? ; Why are fuel prices high in India when crude is at a low price?How scripted are the scenes on Made In Chelsea? ; How 'real' is a show like Made in Chelsea?What are the different organ systems? ; What are the 12 organ systems? Why are they important?How is life insurance part of your estate? ; Does life insurance become part of the estate?What are some English movies that are about business and economics (like The Social Network, Steve Jobs, The Big Short etc.)? ; I am planning to open a small eatery in Bangalore. Wanted to know what are the basic problems faced doing this work?How is Trump is called worse than Hillary for rudeness when her votes/decisions have taken hundreds of thousands of lives - as the aggressor nation? ; Operational vs marketing vs Health etc. Which is the domain to choose and concentrate that helps in a long run in the field of analytics in India?What is the location and function of a lysosome? ; What are the functions of lysosome?Why are submarines used? ; Are Russians the best hackers in the world?If you delete photos from your iPhone, will they be deleted from Google Photos? ; How can I delete the upload files in Google+ photos?Which is better, the Honda City or Hyundai Verna? ; Which is better: Hyundai Verna or Honda City?How can we change society to regard being gay as 'normal', and being heterosexual as 'out of fashion'? ; How do I act normally around someone with disability? What behavior (of other, normal people) do they consider as normal?Is a master's degree from the Open University the same as a master's degree from any other university? ; How can I prepare, plan, and save to be able to get a master's degree in economics from a German university in the next 4-5 years, after I receive my B.S.?What are shot narrative paragraphs? What are some examples? ; What are some examples of a narrative paragraph?Does using camphor mixed coconut oil darkens the skin of face? ; What is the name of the blue bottle of light coconut oil for skin?If there is a multiverse, could those multiverses be in a multiverse? ; What is the multiverse? Which are some of the most convincing theories given in support of its existence?how Can I get off campus job after B.Tech Cse ? ; How do I get a job with a B.Tech. (CSE)?How can I gain weight as a teenager? ; How do I gain weight as a teenager? I am fairly skinny for my age, 100 pounds and 5'6".How much time will spotify take to land in India? ; Daniel Ek: When will you launch Spotify in India?How are Korean adult movies made? ; What was the worst casting choice of all time?What are all the other types of dogs that are similar to a Husky? ; What type of dog is this one?How can I develop the habit of learning? ; How do you build a habit?No woman wants to date me. I'm a 25-year-old kissless virgin. What should I do? ; I'm 19. A 26 year old man wants to date me and I'm not interested. What should I say?How can I recover my Google account.? ; I lost my Google account information. How can I recover it?Is it true that people with tatoos should not donate blood? ; Is it true that you can't donate blood if you've got a tattoo?Is Sadhguru a conman? ; Sadhguru n Religion !Why is calcium sulphate hemihydrate called plaster of paris? ; Why is plaster of Paris called plaster of Paris?One of the most enlightening statements anyone ever told me is you must take charge of your life. Agree? ; I am having 1years experience in BPO as technical support, but I have interest in networking field how should I move into this field?What's the difference between 4G and 4G LTE? ; Is 4G faster or LTE?Why are Indians referred many times in the Friends TV series? ; Why are there so many references to Indians on Friends?How do I forget first love? ; How should I forget my first love?Who is going to win the 8th season of the IPL and why? ; Who will win the 2015 Indian Premier League?What does mail in rebate mean? ; What does "priority mail" mean?Why do you think you are special? ; Why do you think you're special?Is it normal to have dirty thoughts about your crush? ; Do girls dare to post about their crush?What do you think about RBI's new move of banning 500 and 1000 notes? ; What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?Can cannabinoids help gene mutations? ; We can use point mutant to produce mutated mouse genes instead wild mouse genes. Why should we do it like that?Are Americans legally required to pay income tax? ; Is it legal to not pay income tax?Why is it so hard to get over somebody? ; How do I get over somebody?How do I improve on my math skills? ; How can I improve my Math?Do some white girls like Indian guys? ; Do white girls find Indian guys attractive?Can a healthy 30 year old die suddenly? ; What are the odds of suddenly dying for a healthy 30-year-old?Do cops really check the license plate of the car in front of them? ; Why do cops not pull over cars without license plates?What would happen if Trump and Pence both died right now before being sworn into office? ; What would happen if both Donald Trump and Mike Pence were assassinated after the election?How can you merge hard drive partitions? ; How do you delete a partition on a hard drive?Was Abe Lincoln a Liberal? ; Was Abe Lincoln a Conservative?Why do Americans often drive slowly in the left lane? ; Why do people on Bay Area highways drive so slowly in the left lane?In the future: Can humans become immortals? ; How do you become immortal?How do eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells differ? ; How does eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells differ?What happened to Steven Ross, the son of painter Bob Ross? What is he doing today? ; Was Bob Ross different in the Military?How can a boy introduce himself to the judges at the freshier party? ; How are the types of nerve cell structured?What are some neurogaming startups? ; What are startups?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Patagonian Desert? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Colorado Plateau?Although light beam bouncing between two plates inside a clock is often used to explain time dilation, how can other practical cases be explained? ; Is there a particular way physics should be?Who won the 2nd U.S. Presidential Debate? ; Who won the 2nd presidential Debate?What evidence is there that there is something after death? ; What evidence suggests there is life after death?Who makes OPTA fitness bands? I want to know if its from the 'Opta'! ; I want to start a local fitness mastermind group/community. I just don't know how. What things can I do?Will Hindu girls marry Muslim boys? ; Can a Hindu girl marry a Muslim boy?Is there any good guessing app game for 2 players or more? ; What are top 5 guessing app games for 2 players or more?Do you use Facebook? ; Why do we use Facebook or WhatsApp in our daily lives?Who do people keep saying that I need to start off my dropshipping 2-3 products first? Can I not start selling 50-60 products on my website? ; Which I have to take, CAT or GATE? I have 9.5gpa and confused of those both, which to join?How do you feel about technology replacing human interaction? ; To what extent do you see technology replacing the demand for human capital?Why we need to wake up early? ; What should I do to not wake up early?What services are there that allow users to record videos and play them back within my site? ; What's a good way to record videos from online movie streaming services?What is the fastest way to grow an economy? ; What is the fastest way to Power Level in SWTOR?Why do smoking bans work? ; Why should smoking be banned?What should you engrave on promise rings? ; What should I engrave on a promise ring?What are some major events that occurred during 2006? ; Which are some of the major events that occured in 2014?What are some reviews of www.imadcompanypipingdiv.com? ; What are some reviews of www.wheystar.com?What is the most difficult decision you had to make in your life? ; What was the hardest decision you have made in your life?How do I calm myself down in anger? ; How should I calm myself down?Why do some of my black friends hate white people? ; Why do my colored friends hate white people?Can you share any unusual experience? ; What are examples of unusual experiences?What does the expression "bottom dollar" mean? ; Phrases: What does the expression "sons of Jove" mean?Who are/were some of the most badass computer programmers? ; How difficult is it for the average person to become a computer programmer?What is a vision? ; What is vision?Why don't Hong Kong people blame Li Ka Shing for the high property prices? He seems to be able to project a good image. ; Why are property prices becoming so high in India? Who will NOT be able to purchase in a few years?What is the best way to get back into web application penetration testing? ; How should I start with the basics of web penetration testing?I think my friends are jealous. What do I do? ; My friends are jealous, What should I do?Does green tea boost your metabolism? ; Is green tea a fat burner? Does it help with weight loss? how much should I drink? which time to drink ?What is that bad habit that you're remorseful about and had sworn many times not to do again but you still find yourself coming back to? ; What do you hAve to say about time travel (I am not science student but I read it on net and its so exciting topic but still no clear idea that is it possible or it's just a rumour)?What are the differences between PPF (Public Provident Fund), VPF (Voluntary PF) and EPF (Employee PF) in India? ; Is there any difference in type of interest between EPF and PPF?Should I apply for Canada express entry if my CRS score is 420? ; I applied for canada express entry and my score is 449. What are my chances?What are requirements for a company to join FTSE 350? ; Which is the best share to buy in FTSE?How common is "common" in common sense? ; How common is "common sense"?Why aren't Mazda cars as popular as Toyota or Honda cars? ; Are Mazda's reliable, good cars?Which is the best phone as of 2016? ; Which is the best phone of 2015?What is qiymat.com? ; What is graffittibooks.com?Which is highest mountain peak of India? ; What is the highest mountain in India?I want to break up with my boyfriend, but I still have feelings for him. What should I do? ; My boyfriend broke up with me for no reason. I feel so guilty for having loved him so much. But I still feel for him. What should I do?What is the point of answering questions on Quora? ; What motivates people with technical experience to answer questions on Quora?How did Donald Trump win the 2016 Presidential Election? ; How did Donald Trump won the 2016 USA presidential election?Can meditation be the cure of bipolar disorder? ; How can I be a better person in life?How many James Bond movies are there? ; What are the best James Bond movies?Which areas of Academia and industry is a Hamiltonian path problem useful for? ; Which academic areas of study have the most opportunities for doing scientific research outside of academia?If immerse object in liquid in which condition it will become invisible? ; How do I make an invisible object?How good is the MS in Computer Science and Engineering program of the University at Buffalo, considering the quality of education, job & internship scene and part time jobs? ; How good is the MS in Pharmaceutical Sciences program at SUNY Buffalo?What would have happened if Hitler didn't attack Russia? ; Why did Nazi Germany invade the USSR?In case of a merger, how can the acquirer company determine the ratio (method of computing) in which it plans to allot shares to acquiree company? ; On what basis does one company acquire another company not having share?what are the effects of tin as an alloying element in aluminum? ; What are the effects of alloying elements on steel?How can you detect whether spyware has been installed on your phone? ; How can I detect spyware on my iPhone?Is it common for singers to hate the sound of their own voice? ; Who is a singer but he/she doesn't like the sound of his/her own voice?How do I learn SAP for free with a course completion certificate? ; I just completed the Front-End Certificate on Free Code Camp. How do I get a job now?Where Can My Business Capital injection Come From? ; From where can my capital injection originate?Is it feasible to learn web development and data science simultaneously? ; What steps could be taken to defund/destroy the federal reserve?Can I buy physical steam wallet codes in India? ; Is the Google wallet is assessable in India?How can I earn money using my Quora profile? ; How can I earn money through Quora?Why do Indians have arranged marriages? ; What do non-Indians think of Indian arranged marriages?Can I open more than one demat account? ; Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE): What is the best DEMAT account in India?How many football clubs are there in England ? ; How many football clubs are there?Government of India: Why is it expenses charged on consolidated fund of india is not votable by parliament? Are there any amendments to it or any cases regarding it? ; What is the difference between parliament and government (India)?If there is one God then why there are so many religions? ; Do we choose our religion or does God choose one for us?Is herbal oil good for hair? ; Is neem oil good for hair?How can I be emotionally detached from everyone? ; How do I become emotionally detached from someone?Is work a noun or a verb? ; Is love a noun or a verb?Can anyone suggest me a good phone under Rs. 30k ($450) which is also available in India? ; What are some phone with best cameras under Rs. 6500 in India?How do you view the Indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes? ; What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?On Instagram, if I accidentally follow someone and he/she hasn't approved my request yet, how can I cancel that request? ; I sent a follow request to someone on Instagram. Why hasn't he approved the request for so long? I know that person is posting pictures on instagram based on his increasing number of posts. Is he not getting my request or is he ignoring my request?What are the characteristics of interest for elements called? ; How many radioactive elements are there? Are they only called elements? I want to know if they are all dangerous and to what degree.How do you include alison courses on your resume? ; Do I have to include dates worked at each employer on a resume?What are some of the types of computer viruses? ; What are the different types of computer viruses?What is SIN time? ; What is sin(x)=1?What happens to the soul after death by suicide? ; What happens to your soul after suicide?What are some things you can do in the USA but not in France? ; What are some things you can do in France but not in the USA?How do I make dropdown menu keyboard accessible? ; How do you make ≠ (not equal) sign on keyboard?What is hydrogen perchlorate? ; How flammable is hydrogen?What will happen if we used petrol in a diesel engine or diesel in a petrol engine? ; What would happen if we supply diesel to a petrol car and vice versa?Why did the Nazi soldiers fight till the last streets of Berlin? What was their motivation if they knew everything already ended? ; Did the descendants of the leading Nazis officers change their last names?What is the strategic intent for Dentons to start NextLaw Labs? ; What did you do early on in your career, whether intentionally or by chance, that put you in a position to start the companies you did?Do women like anal sex? ; Why do people like anal sex?which  is the best book written by  swami vivekananda? ; Which meditation technique did Swami Vivekananda use?Does Donald Trump only care about himself? ; Dear Trump supporters, do you have any evidence that Donald Trump cares about anything but himself?Why earth revolves around sun? ; Why does the earth revolve around the sun?Why is Jean Claude Van Damme not in The Expendables? ; Can I have a movie of Jean Claude Van Damme?Why do African Americans hate Donald Trump so much? ; Why do Americans Hate Donald Trump when they are the ones who voted for him?Where can I get best designing and printing services in Sydney for envelopes? ; Where can I get variety of envelope printing services in Sydney?Did social media really cause/impact the Egypt revolution? ; Did social media instigate Egypt's revolution? Why or why not?What's the most romantic thing? ; What's the most romantic thing anyone has ever done for you?What would happen if the earth stopped rotating in a span 5 years? Would be be able to adapt or would we die? ; What would happen to us humans if the earth suddenly stopped spinning?Which one is better, CA or CPA? ; How does one apply for Ernst & Young for CA? Is it better than the other big 4?What fees does 'hired.com' charge? ; How do I charge and enforce fees without a staff?What is banana bond? ; What is a banana bond, and how do they form?Hedonism or expanding comfort zone? ; What are the best MBA colleges in chattisgarh?Why shouldn't I suicide? ; Why shouldn’t you commit suicide?Is it a bad idea to register and use a .org domain if you do not own the .com? ; Is it a bad idea for a startup to use a domain different than .com to launch itself?Is it possible to travel back or forward in time? ; How can I travel time?How do I Start basic Shell Scripting? ; What is the best way to learn UNIX basics and shell scripting?What are some funny pedophile jokes? ; I'm a pedophile, what are some websites to allow me to resist my urges?How can I not be bored on the job? ; What should I do to not be bored with my job?I have a Bsc in microbiology and I want to go for my masters degree and am thinking of two options either public health or clinical and infectious disease. Which of the option is more advisable for me to go for? ; I graduated from Bachelor of Nutrition. Between Master of Public Health spc in Health economics and Master of HE, which the best one you advise to me?Why is my boyfriend so selfish? ; Is it incredibly selfish that my boyfriend of 3 years sleeps on the couch/other bed sometimes just because I'm really sick?What are questions to ask a potential daycare provider? ; What are good questions to ask when going on a tour of your child's potential daycare/day school?Pls tell me in detail, how this thing actually works in java.Unicode is 16 bit character set, but then how int type of 32 bit works? Im confused? ; In how many ways 2,3,4,..,32 digit numbers formed with hexadecimal characters can be arranged such that the sum of that numbers is equal to 32?Is planet 9 real or a hype/joke like Nibiru? ; Is Planet Nine a real entity?Is Greece part of the European Union? ; Should Greece give up on the European Union?Which is the largest black hole found to date? ; Where is the largest black hole?How competitive is the hiring process at United Insurance? ; How competitive is the hiring process at Unit?Which is the first thing that you see in guy/girl? ; Why do guys cannot see a girl moving on in life after break up?Does China has prime minister? ; Is there prime minister in china?What is CRR and SLR? ; If a bank already maintains CRR, what is the need for SLR?What are good online high schools and how do they work? ; What is the best online high school?How can I dry my clothes quickly without a dryer? ; What are the best ways to dry clothes without a tumble dryer?What are the modern schools of thought in legal feminism theory? ; What are the different schools of thought within feminism?What are the most interesting products and innovations that Christopher & Banks is coming out with in 2016? ; What are the most interesting products and innovations that Commerce Bank is coming out with in 2016?How do I learn various things in material science easily? ; What are the best restaurants to try when visiting Nagano, Japan? What should you try while you're there?What is a lobotomy? ; Where can I get a lobotomy?Where do WhatsApp images get stored? In the phone or in the SD card? ; How to open whatsapp images that doesn't exsist on sd card?What are the best manufacturing businesses that can be started with a capital of 5 lacs? ; I want to start a small business of my own within 2.5 Lacs budget. Is it possible?In what situations would nunchucks be the optimal weapon to use? ; What are the basic different types of weapon (firearm) sights, and in what situations would you use each one?How can we assemble configuration of jaw crusher in Tanzania 280 tph crushing plant? ; What are the features of a diesel engine crusher in a crushing plant?How can I have a polished mentality, vibrant thoughts and good presence of mind? ; How can I improve my presence of mind?Is it hard to find a job in Canada for a foreigner? ; How hard is to find a decent job in Canada for a Canadian?What are the reasons behind the Bangalore incident on New Year’s Eve? Why did it happen? ; What exactly happened in Bangalore on the midnight of new year eve?Can I charge my phone rated at 5V/1A with 5.1V/2.1A power bank, Does 5.1V and 5V makes difference between two device, Does it damages my phone? ; How long will it take (minimum) to charge a 16800mAh power bank with a charger having an output of 5V 1A?How do I understand flow charts? ; What's the best way to make an interactive flow chart?What is the cheapest Canadian college for postgraduate international students? ; What are the cheapest Canadian universities for international students?Why do my burps taste like rotten eggs? ; Why do I have burps that taste like rotten eggs?When Hillary Clinton was asked to resign as Secretary of State, what excuse did she offer for leaving? ; Why was Hillary Clinton replaced as Secretary of State? Why did she resign?My 27 yo daughter recently lost her job. I just found out that she was dancing at a strip club. I can hardly function I am so devastated. Advice? ; I recently took out a $4.5K loan for school, but I just found out that with my two jobs, I should be able to cover it on my own. I am still getting the money however. I am an aspiring musician, and I am not sure what to do with the money. What would be a good investment, or should I return it?How do I become an attractive girl? ; How can I become a more attractive girl?What are some good jokes about communication? ; What are some good jokes about communism?How do you approach a girl if she's in a pack and never seems to leave the pack of girls? ; Jamie typed 20 pages of a document in two hours. How many pages did she type in 1 minute?Is rape really as common in Sweden as people claim? ; What caused Sweden rape statistics to rise significantly in the past years?How do travel bloggers make money? ; How much money do bloggers make?Can an LG v10 cellphone be used to control a Samsung Blu-ray player? ; Should you buy a Samsung SUHD or LG OLED TV?Should people over 95 not be allowed to vote? ; Should people over 93 not be allowed to vote?Why do I do drugs? ; Why do drugs exist?Have any governments confirmed intelligent extraterrestrial life? ; Is there any extraterrestrial intelligent life?What’s your favorite food to eat? ; What are your favorite foods?Which are the top 50 business schools in India? ; What are the best b schools in India?What are the best books for the preparation of SSC CGL Tier 2 Preparation? ; Which book should be followed for preparation of SSC CGL Tier 2 (Both English and Quant)?What is the best tag line for Quora? ; What are some of the best tag lines for a hospital?What does it mean to be "shallow"? ; What does it mean when someone is "shallow minded"?What everyday habits drain our energy? ; What drains mental energy other than anxiety?How much does YouTube pay per subscriber? ; How much did YouTube pay for YouTube.com?Is polygamy bad? ; Is polygamy good?Why should I work in a startup? ; Why do people want to work at startups?What are some cool earing designs? ; What are cool earring designs?How do Jews view the Book of Revelations in the New Testament? ; How do Jews view the book of Revelation in The New Testament?What are the top five causes for a blown head gasket? ; How do you replace a valve cover gasket?How far can the human eye see on perfectly flat land? ; Can people see atoms with their naked eye?How can I deal with missing values in a predictive model? ; How do I deal with missing values in a predictive model when there is no obvious value?I recently got the news about my dog's bone cancer. Can somebody give some experienced Vet's number who could somehow save him? ; Can somebody who studied to become a doctor in the 70's/80's give me some insight about your education in medicine? (Asked by an aspiring author who wants to write about a character doing the same)Who is the founder of gearbest.com? ; Who are the founders of Amydus.com?Why do I feel like I'm excited about something when I have nothing to be excited about? ; I'm graduating in 2 hours, but I'm not feeling excited. What is wrong with me?What is origin of Hindu? ; What is the origin of the Hindu religion?Bodybuilding: How to build up back muscles faster? ; What are some politically motivated songs?What would happen if none of the candidates received 270 electoral votes? ; What happens if presidential candidates cannot get the required amount of electoral votes?How can I make 1000$ monthly online? ; How do I make $1000 extra dollars?How do you improve your writing skills? ; How do I improve my writing skills?Which is the best camera phone under Rs 25,000? ; Which is the best camera smartphone under 25k?What is a good first car for a teen guy? ; What would be a good first car?What are DNF BSQ UFD meanings in racing or sailing? ; Which are the best ORC sailing races in Switzerland?What is the relationship between Toyota and Lexus, Nissan and Infiniti, Mercedes-Benz and Maybach? Do we have anything else like them? ; Why is Mercedes Benz so dominant in F1?What would happen if the anonymous features in Quora were removed and all identities were revealed? ; What would happen if anonymous users on Quora lost their anonymity?Which is the best place in Dehradun to start my own very coaching institute for commerce students? ; What is double shipping in comics?What are some interesting facts about crows? ; What are some interesting facts or stories about crows?What are the advantages and disadvantages of Globalization? ; What are the advantages and disadvantages of a market economy?What are the universities I should apply to with a GRE score of 281 for industrial? ; Can I apply for universities with a GRE score of 281?How can I effectively market my app in a soft launch? ; What are good free ways to promote your Android or iOS game?Does PGDIRA provides placements? ; Can anyone provide me the data for NSIT COE placements?Why do many deny white privilege? ; Why don't some white people think they don't have white privilege?On Quora how do I change the generic blue profile pic to a photo I want? ; How do I change my profile pic on Quora?What is your review of The Dictator (2012 movie)? ; How old do I have to be to see The Dictator?Hw long does it take for your lungs to return to normal after smoking for 30 years? ; What do you do when you walk by someone smoking?What is the right procedure to make green tea? ; How do I make delicious cup of green tea?What is social media? And it's examples ; I did my graduation in production engineering, but I am confused now weather to find a job in production area or other else?How can I find a job at Iskcon or some ashram so that I could follow brahmacharya and also earn to fulfil basic needs like food, medicine etc? ; I don't like my regular 9-6 job, can I find some work at ISKCON where I can fulfill my basic needs and chant Hare Krishna?Which criteria should be used for Nobel Prize in economics? ; How should I start importing products from China and selling them on Amazon.CA?What is the best way to start learning economics? ; What is the best way to learn economics?Are there any courses in Coursera that will help me prepare for the actuarial exams? ; I am a CSE engineer and have pursued a PG diploma course in Big Data. Would clearing Actuarial papers be helpful for me?Which is better between PU Leather and FAUX Leather? ; Can a manmade material be made equal or better than leather?How does whistleblowing relate to ethics? ; Is whistleblowing ethical?Why is India failing so miserably at the Rio Olympics? ; Why is India not producing good athletes?,if so why India is failing in olympics,world eventsWhat characterizes a concrete question? ; How do I turn off hypothetical questions on Quora?How did you become passionate about studying what you're passionate about studying? ; How do I become passionate about studies?Should highschool students be able to choose their subjects? If so, which countries are the best examples? ; Do you think students should be able to choose every subject they want to learn or should there be subjects which are mandatory?How can I get rid of acne scars on face? ; How did you get rid of acne scars on face?How do you know if someone is a psychopath? ; How do you know if someone is a psychopath or a sociopath?On the 15th I am going to Germany, but this is my first time travelling alone. I am very nervous because I don't know anything like boarding. What is the step-by-step boarding procedure from Delhi International Airport T3? ; What do I need to know in advance if I am going to travel by plane first time?How do you talk dirty in Portugese? ; How do I know if she is interested?What are the differences between a democracy and a republic? ; How can you differentiate between a democracy and a republic exactly?What's the most overpriced item which you purchased today? ; Why are the items sold on railway platforms overpriced?How long would it take a heat lamp to warm up my room? ; How long will it take to heat 750kg of water by 10°C with a 2060W heater?What does rated ratings of a electrical machine mean? ; What is rated mean in electrical machines?How do you explain Socialism to a 10 year old in simple terms and how does it differ from communism? ; How can Communism be explained to a ten year old?Can non-profit organizations pay a salary? ; How do Non-Profit organizations pay the salaries of their employees?Is it possible to get a decent job after completing IPCC? ; Is it possible to get a job in US after completing MS (biomedical) in Germany?What are the disadvantages of using Range Voting in the US voting system? ; What are the drawbacks of range voting?Xiaomi Redmi note 3: Which is the best colour to buy? ; Should I buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 pro? Why?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Nasdaq? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Quantum?Was James Potter really a douche just like Snape kept telling Harry he was? ; How would Harry Potter end if Snape remained the bad guy and Malfoy Manor never happened?How to say “如果不靠欺骗自己，还能靠什么支撑自己走下去” in English? ; How can I say 没出息 in English?What is the difference between training gloves and fighting gloves? ; What is the difference between training and fighting gloves?What is your advice on how to live well after a bad break up? ; What is the best revenge?What is ecological footprint? ; What is ecological foot print?What's the difference between a cruiser, a destroyer, a frigate, and a littoral combat ship? ; What are the design differences between naval combat ships for littoral waters versus those for the high seas?My boyfriend doesn't talk to me whole day n when I complaint abt it he shows me attitude. What to do? ; My boyfriend doesn't trust me because in the past I cheated on him. I love him and he knows it. But these days even when I do not make any mistake he doubts me. He blocks me from everywhere and threatens to stop talking with me if I did not tell him the truth.  What should I do?Is time travel possible in next 5 years? ; Do you think time travel is possible?If I wanted to learn about the Roman Empire,what would be the best books to read? ; What is the best book about the Roman Empire?How can I make my hair grow faster in a month? ; What can I do to make my hair grow faster?Why do you follow people on Quora? ; Do you follow people who follow you on Quora?What is the best preparation course for the All India Bar Exam? ; What are the best strategies for preparing for the bar exam?Why is The Count of Monte Cristo so long? ; Why is The Count of Monte Cristo so compelling?How do I improve my startups? ; How can I improve my startups?What is Navy Reserves boot camp like? ; What do you do in Navy boot camp?What are the biggest challenges facing Google? ; What is the biggest challenge faced in college?How can I get a job referral in Cognizant, Bangalore? ; How can I get a job referral in Cognizant, Pune?What's the best way to start the new hobby? ; What's the best way to start a new hobby?What is the relationship between linear and angular velocity? ; What is the relation between linear and angular displacement?How many Singaporeans have always dreamed of getting a PhD but stopped short due to lack of resources? ; What children love in Bangalore?What are the best contemporary books? ; What are some of the best contemporary books?Who won the first debate in your opinion Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump? ; Who won the debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on 9/26/2016?What are common required and elective courses in nursing? ; What are common required and elective courses in medicine?What does semen taste like? ; Does semen taste good?M p iti last exam cut off? ; I'm usingSennheiser Amperior.I purchased ath-M50x.I'm not satisfied with soundstage. Any suggestions headphones better than ath-M50x and Amperior?What is the essential reading list for learning about the semantic web, RDF, SPARQL? ; What books do you recommend to read about Semantic Web?I have a perfect BMI, heart & maintain a healthy diet but my cholesterol is high. I am on statins & aspirins to check it. How can I be off medicines? ; Why my command prompt is displaying this message?Which are the best online courses on digital marketing in India? ; What is the scope of digital marketing in India for an MBA marketing student?How do I prepare for the IAS exam at home? ; If I start preparing for IAS exam 2016 now, how can I achieve it?How do you join a Human Rights Commission? ; How can I join in human rights?What do Republicans think motivates Democrats? ; Are there more honest Republicans than Democrats?What can I do after B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering? ; What are career options in construction domain after graduation in electrical engineering?What do penguins eat? ; How often do penguins eat? Why?How do I find angles from GY-80 sensor with AVR? ; Comlete guidance mains exam specially gs paper for cse xam?What are some promising career in Australia? ; What is promising career?Apart from WhatsApp, what are the apps we Indians obsessed with? ; How do Android applications earn money apart from ads?What can keep my cat from having sex when it's in heat? ; What can keep my cats from mating while they're in heat?Why is voting a responsibility? ; Why don’t you vote?How would you use MDMA to self treat PTSD? ; Has MDMA been used to treat depression?Why do wind turbines go faster with bigger blades than then smaller blades? ; What are some lesser-known sights to see when visiting Nangloi, Delhi, India?What should I do if my Shepherd/Retriever mixed puppy is chewing my shoes? ; How do you stop your Beagle/Pointer mix puppy from biting your shoes?What sort of evidence is needed to convict someone to murder? ; What evidence do you need to convict someone of murder?What is the neural code that signals stimulus strength? ; How can I boost the signal strength on my iPhone, and how do I check it?Why do intelligent young people with bright futures give up everything just to join terrorist groups like ISIS? ; Why do some people with PhD's join groups like ISIS?Who would win in a fight between the two best swordsmen of Westeros: Ser Meryn Trant and the Hound? ; Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between the Lannisters and Tyrells?How do I recover my forgotten Gmail password? ; How do I recover my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery mail ID?If I send a message to someone before I permanently delete my Facebook, will they receive my message once my Facebook is permanently gone? ; Why has my Facebook message gone from seen to sent?What do you think of the new MacBook Pro (2016) USB-C ports? ; What do you think about the removal of USB ports from the new Macbook Pro 2016?Who is Redd Foxx? ; What is Redd Foxx known for?What are the dumbest Quora answers? ; What is the most dumbest Quora answer?Don't know what I want to be/which course shall I apply? (going to study Second year Computer Science) ; If you have crossbred some peppers before, what did you think of them?Would you prepare to learn Chinese? ; Should I learn Chinese?What is the easiest way to spy on someones phone without them knowing? ; How can I locate my husband's phone location without him knowing?Phrase Origins: Where did the term "cell phone" come from? ; How are calls made from cell phone A to cell phone B?Will Donald Trump be the last Republican president? ; Will Donald Trump cost the Republicans the presidency?Why does graphite stick to paper? How does it happen? ; What happens with the atoms of graphite when someone is writing in a paper?The decision of Indian Government to demonetize ₹500 and ₹1000 notes? Is Right or wrong? ; What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?How can a mechanical engineer graduate from India get into NASA and become an astronaut? ; Can an Indian graduating in mechanical  engineering from an Indian college become NASA astronaut?How do I seduce a girl? ; How can you seduce a girl for sex?How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption? ; How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?How do I make myself feel beautiful? ; How can I make myself feel beautiful?What was your near death experience like? ; What does a near death experience feel like?What is make money online? ; How can I start to make money online?If I could: travel, many times faster than light, to Mars, and travel back. Would I be able to see my past self travelling to Mars on the way back? ; Time Dilation : If I were on earth which is spinning and my twin were to travel same but reverse of the spin, who would age faster?How can I improve English speaking skill? ; What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for São Tomé and Príncipe? ; What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for Japan?What's the best way to study human anatomy? ; How can I study anatomy?How do we know that photons exist? ; What are the best sites for entry level QA and BA positions?Why is the speed of light a constant? ; Why is the speed of light fixed?What was your scariest travel experience? ; What is the scariest experience you remember from your childhood?What is the best way to remember things? ; What is the best way of remembering things?For a computer science project/paper, I asked for and received a lot of help on IRC. What is the correct way to give credit? ; I am a computer science engineering student first year, I have a lot of free time . what should I learn that will help me in my life?How was Nazi Germany able to technologically surpass the Allies in so many ways? ; How was Hitler able to rebuild Germany so quickly?How do you find your health insurance policy number? ; I am 27 and I want to take a health insurance policy for myself and for my two dependent parents. Which health insurance should I go for?I accidentally pushed a q-tip too far in my ear. When I pulled it out my ear started bleeding. Is this serious enough to visit the ER? ; Is it ok to fly with a bleeding ear (caused by a q tip mistake) Is the Pareto principle always valid? In the U.S. economy, the top 20% of industries, by GDP value, don’t produce 80% of total GDP. ; Is GDP a good measure of economic growth? Why or why not?What do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes? ; What are the full implications of the Indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation?Does the police verify the local reference given in passport? ; What is checked in police verification for passport?Why was Hillary Clinton using an earpiece at the NBC forum? ; What is the Clinton 'earpiece scandal'?What can you achieve psychologically with intense eye contact?  ; What sorts of things do people always say when you show them your hobby?Will I get into MIT? ; Could I get into MIT?Why is the U.S. navy traveling over 10,000 miles to threaten Iran's small navy? ; Why did China aggressively intercepted a U.S. Navy spy plane 80 miles off its coast?What are the pros and cons of masturbation? ; What are the pros and cons of overthinking?Can you simplify string theory? ; Can someone help me understand string theory?How long does it take for trans women on HRT to lactate? ; What issues do trans women of color face that other women may not?Who is my inspiration? ; Who inspired you to do programming?How do I start with the automation testing? ; How can I start QTP/UFT automation testing?What are some tips for success in medical school? ; How can I succeed in medical school?Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of Pakistan? ; Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the USA?What is the most unfair advantage a mathematician can have? ; What is the most unfair advantage a person can have?What force does the connecting rod handle in the ICE? ; Which forces act on connecting rods in Internal combustion engines?Overall, was President Obama a good or bad president? ; Has Barack Obama been a good President overall?Can we use Swift on Windows? ; Can Swift be used to write non-iOS apps?If you were born deaf, what language would you think in? ; If a person is born deaf, which language do they think in?Why do some Kashmiri Muslims want to be part of Pakistan? ; Do the people of Kashmir want to join Pakistan or India? Why?What did you learn from playing video games? ; What can we learn from video games?My doctor prescribes me ritalin 20mg twice a day this works great for me but I need to focus for 12-13 hrs would a doctor do 20mg three times a day? ; My doctor has prescribed me with MDD XR 50 (desvenlafaxine) a few months ago for an anxiety disorder and depression. Now I want to stop it. But once I skip it, the next day I am vomiting, have irritation and indigestion-like symptoms. What should I do?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Massachisetts?How much body fat should women have? ; How do fitness models cut body fat?Can I donate blood even if I have tattoo? ; Can a person donate blood after getting a tattoo?What was your best moment? ; Can you describe the best moment in your life?What are all the benefits of being in an Internal development project in TCS? ; I am looking for a networking project in TCS Bangalore. I don't want an internal project. What are the project names and branches available?How did you learn to speak several languages? ; How do I quickly and efficiently learn a new language?Is Virat kohli better than Dhoni to lead as captain? ; Who is a better captain Dhoni or Kohli?How much does it take to make $100k on YouTube? ; How much money can you make on YouTube if your video goes viral and is monetized?If I download a free iOS app and then delete it, and it later becomes non-free, will I have to pay to download it again? ; I forgot my iPad password. Can I take it into an Apple store and have them unlock it?What makes Canada such an economically powerful country, despite having such a relatively small population? ; Why would the economic woes of a relatively small European country have such a big impact on the EC and even the world?What is your favorite salad recipe? ; What are Your Salad Recipes?Where did the "Manage topic" button go? ; Where is the topic management button?How do I focus on my study at mess when I am alone? ; Does the quote bellow describe psychopaths or narcissists?What were the causes for the Great Economic Depression? ; Causes of great depression?What is the Malayalam translation and pronunciation of 'I love you'? ; What is the translation of the phrase "I love you" in Brazilian Portugese?What is ground clearance? ; What is the standard ground clearance for a scooty?What is Quora waiting on to be able to put the site in other languages? ; When will Quora support multiple languages?Where can I find Kapoor and sons torrent? ; What is torrent alternative?Why is the Queen of England the Queen of England? ; What is the hair colour of the Queen of the United Kingdom?How can I fall asleep at the same hour everyday? ; What happens if a math PhD student fails to find a proof that is the main objective of their thesis topic?What is the best instant ramen brand available in Spain? ; What's the tastiest brand of packaged ramen?Which are the best suspense thriller movies in India? ; Which are the best suspense and thriller movies?What are the advantages and disadvantages of working in the hotel industry? ; What are the advantages and the disadvantages of working in a hotel as a receptionist and start work in a tourism company?Jaipur, Rajasthan, India: What are some best rajasthani folk songs? ; What are the best folk metal songs?What are some wrong answers in the QuizUp app? ; What is your review of QuizUp (app)?How does PayU Money earn money despite offering payment discounts? ; How does PayU earn money?Did Donald Trump say 'they're rapists ' or 'their rapists'? ; Groin discolouration . How to treat them immediately?Is Rising in false cases of crime against women means our women goes business minded? ; Which is the best month to book Delhi-Leh return flight for January-2017?What are the different sects and sub sects of Christianity? ; What are the different sects of Christianity?What is the meaning of Marathi word 'Zingat'? ; What is the meaning of Marathi word 'Thamba'?When can I apply for an Indian passport renewal, it's expiring in April 2016. Can I apply now in Jan 2015? ; My indian passport expired last year. Now I am 18 so what will be the procedure to renew it in my city Mumbai. Also how long will it take?How can I remember my lucid dreams? ; How can I lucid dream?Is a heart rate of 110 beats per minute healthy for someone who is at rest? ; How does it feel to have increased rate of heart beat?What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500, Rs. 1000 notes on Indian economy and Businesses? ; How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?What are the best online marketing tactics? ; What are some of the best online marketing tools?Is use of complex numbers in quantum mechanics utilitarian rather than essential? ; Would quantum mechanics be possible without complex numbers?Are sakaldiwipi brahmins from Egypt? ; Which communities and caste groups (apart from Pandits in Kashmir) are considered to be Saraswat Brahmins?I choose name "Sanij" for my baby boy. What does it mean? ; Can the internal resistance of cell be calculated by not changing the shunt and changing the position of rheostat in potentiometer?Is backward time travel possible? ; Is it possible to time travel to past?What business can start easily in Philippines? ; Is anyone interested in investing and starting a business in the Philippines? What kind of business?Was Steve Jobs an inventor or an innovator?  ; Was Steve Jobs an inventor?What is "sampling" in research methodology? ; What is sampling in research methodology? What are some examples?Is it possible to start from level 0 and score 500+ in NEET in 4 months? ; How do I prepare for AIPMT with 3-4 months remaining?What is the best way to eat your food? ; How can I eat food?are these red bumps from chigger bites? ; What are the red bumps on my arm?Who will win the 2015/2016 Barclays Premier League? ; Who will win the Premier League 2015-16?How can I stop getting scared? ; What is the best way to stop being scared?What are the natural resources that can be found in the Vatican City? ; What are the natural resources of Vatican City? How are they used?Where do terrorist organisations get money to buy modern weapons and carry out terrorist activities? ; How do terrorist organisations get money?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Bank of the Cascades? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Associated Bank?Why can't we access the sites in the Deep Web (Onion/Tor) without a specially built browser? ; What are the few deep net sites accessible only through TOR?How can Herbalife help me lose weight? ; Does Herbalife Formula 1 help in reducing weight? Is it safe to have it?What is your review of Elementary OS? ; Why do some people hate elementary OS?What should I improve in my resume to get interviews in the field of data analytics? ; What should I do in my resume to get interviews in the field of data analytics?What is the cost of making an Adidas shoes? ; What is it like to wear Adidas The Kobe shoes?Is it proper to use a comma after saying thank you? ; What is here and not there?What is depth of field? ; Whats is depth of field?When did you start masturbating? ; At what age did you start masturbating?What are some good books about Indian railways? ; Is it better to wear shoes of a bigger size or your actual size?My mom is 60, my dad has passed away, where should I guide her to go to talk, gain spirituality, sharing her thoughts? ; What exercise to do in staring of jym to gain muscles?What is the Mahabharata and Ramyana about? ; What is Mahabharata all about?How true is the Roswell UFO incident? ; What does Donald Trump know about the Roswell UFO incident?Which brand should I prefer to buy an acoustic guitar being a beginner? ; Which acoustic guitar under 10000 is best for beginners in India?How do I call rest API of magneto using PHP and which directory should I put PHP file and what url should I hit for call magneto API like retrieve all products list? ; How do I retrieve data from email using PHP Gmail API?Why do people cheat on their partners? ; Do you want to know if your spouse is cheating on you?Why do so many people ask questions on Quora.com when they could easily find the answers themselves online? ; Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could be asked directly to a search engine ?Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Aramaic classes? ; Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for German classes?Who were the artists involved in Dada? ; Why is Henry Miller largely shunned by the literary establishment? Is it because he was too much of a true, raw artist, or are class issues involved?How can I move my music from iTunes to my computer? ; How can I copy music from iTunes to my computer?What is foamglas insulation? ; What is polymer insulator?Why are hematomas caused when drawing blood? ; Why are hematomas caused when drawing bloodCan I fly to Mexico with valid H1B Visa? ; Can we visit mexico with valid H1B Visa?Can India host the Summer Olympics? ; When will India host an Olympics?Good chiropractor in London? ; After getting MBA degree from Harvard is a job guaranteed for international students?If [math]A:B = 3:4[/math], [math]B:C =8:10[/math], and [math]C:D=15:17[/math], then how can I find [math]A:B:C:D[/math]? ; Is math a language?If I have an idea for a video game can I sell my idea and get paid for it? ; I have come up with a video game idea with a potential to be very popular. How do I sell my idea to developers and make sure it doesn’t get stolen?How much money do I need to retire at 50? ; How much money would I need to retire at 18?What is the disadvantage of bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh into Seemandra and Telangana on the rural areas of Seemandhra? ; Can the Seemandhra region survive after bifurcation with an annual revenue deficit of INR 15000 crores?Where can I get the solutions for H.K. Dass Engineering Mathematics books? ; Where can I get solutions to H.K. Dass problems?Is milk good or bad for health? ; Is cows milk bad for your health?Do you love everyone? ; Should I love everyone?Which is the best movie of 2016? ; What were the best movies of 2015? Why?If I send a message on Instagram then unsend it , would the person still see it when they drop down their notifications bar? ; If I like an instagram photo then unlike it immediately after will they know?Why do some people believe that Batman is "insane"? ; Is Batman insane?Can you treat pneumonia with Albuterol? ; How can you treat pneumonia and albuterol?Why are dual SIM phones cheaper when compared to single SIM phones? ; Is there any performance difference between single sim and dual sim phones (considering same phone with both models)?Do you need to travel to set up an offshore account? ; What would happen if I steal a whole bank like in Fast Five?What is the difference of smoking unfiltered cigarettes from smoking filtered cigarettes? ; Is smoking unfiltered cigarettes significantly worse for your health than smoking filtered cigarettes?Are the religions worse than humanity? ; What documents of work experience are required in Symbiosis during interview and admission?Can earth's magnetic field be used to produce electricity? ; Why can’t we use earths magnetic field to produce electricity?Does the power of a gun depend solely on the cartridge, or are there other factors at play? ; Does Capillary action depend on tube-material while other factors remaining constant?Why I fear to drive a car? ; What would be the outcome of debate over salman khan vs rajnikanth? On logical termsHow politically corrupt is Brazil? ; Why is there so much political corruption in Brazil?How did the white walkers cross the wall in the last winter? ; Can the white walkers cross the wall? How?What are the pros and cons of having a best friend of the opposite sex? ; I had sex with my best friend. How can I repair our friendship?What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Mill? ; What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Riyadh?What are the options for a high school drop out? ; Why did you drop out of high school?Which book should I prefer to prepare c language from basics? ; How we can learn C language easily? Any recommended book which I should go through?What are some mind-blowing Car tools that exist that most people don't know about? ; What are some mind-blowing vehicles tools that exist that most people don't know about?What are the best love story books? ; What is the best love story book ever?Can I change my delivery address after a FedEx package has been shipped? ; How early does FedEx deliver packages with 2Day shipping?What is the reason behind voltage and current having different phase in AC circuits? ; What is the reason behind main supply outputting 240 V AC (or 110-120 V)? Is there a specific reason or advantage that this specific voltage has over perhaps other values?What are the best language exchange websites? ; What is the best free website to find a language exchange?What is your review of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them (movie)? ; What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (based on J. K. Rowling's book 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them') (2016 movie)?What would Trump do to Syria if he were elected as President? ; What would Hillary Clinton do to Syria if she were elected President?What does the sex scene between Dorian and Ethan mean in Penny Dreadful? ; Why is there a lack of sex scenes in Game of Thrones season 6?Do you think Hillary Clinton will be president? ; Should Hillary Clinton be president?How can you write articles at mabletech.com? ; How do I write articles?Who makes the best iPhone screen protectors? ; What is the best iPhone 6 screen protector?How can I find out where somebody is by their phone number? ; How do you find out who a phone or cell phone number belongs to?Why is Assembly Language used? ; What is Assembly Language?What does the sequence of story viewers on Instagram mean? ; How many seconds does a viewer have to watch in order to get recorded as "viewed" on Instagram story?What is the value of goodwill when buying a business? ; What is the goodwill of a business?What is the easy way to learn Adobe Lightroom? ; What is an easy way to learn Adobe Lightroom?How anonymous is ‘going anonymous’ on Quora? ; How secure is the anonymous option on Quora?What would cause someone to wake up with broken teeth? ; What would be the cause of waking up with broken teeth?What is Modi government going to do with all the surplus cash reserve which they have accumulated by banning the currency notes? ; Is it immoral to love hatred?How does the activation energy of a reaction affect the overall rate of the chemical reaction? ; What is the activation energy for a reverse reaction?What is the real meaning of the Indian flag Tiranga? ; Can I wear Indian flag badge in singapore?Which countries have never been conquered, colonized, or ruled by any other country? ; Is there a country that has never been conquered?Should I use Slack or Trello to manage a team? ; Do you and your team use Slack as part of your workflow process and if so, how do you use it?What American city most influenced global architecture: Chicago or New York? ; How does living in Chicago compare to living in New York City?What is the best thing about Odisha and Odia people? ; What are the worst things about Odisha and Odia people?Is JavaScript (v8) faster than Python? ; Should I learn JavaScript or Python and why?Who is involved in the Russia and Ukraine conflict? ; Why were Russia and Ukraine in conflict?Is brass considered a heterogeneous or homogeneous mixture? ; Why is brass considered an homogeneous mixture?Can Brahmins eat eggs? ; Are there any practising Brahmins in Bollywood ?'The faster we move through space the slower we go in time.' Will that bring a difference in a person's age and life span? ; Why do you age slower if you are near a black hole? How come time suddenly becomes relative?What is the deep/dark web and how do you access it? ; Why would I want to find myself in the Dark/Deep Web?What do you think about yourself as a human? ; What do you think about yourself?Why don't we move the observance of Thanksgiving to mid-October to help avoid interference with Christmas, and weather related delays at airports? ; I don't want to buy my mother a Christmas gift. What should I do?Can you become rich in dubai? ; How can you become rich in London?What is/are your New Year resolutions for 2017? ; What's your resolutions for 2017?How can negative decibels exist? ; How can there be negative decibels?How does it feel to break your virginity? ; If a virgin is fingered is she still a virgin?What is Oort cloud? ; What exactly is the Oort Cloud?What's the best strategy for betting on sports? ; What are the best strategies for betting on soccer?How does an app work? ; How does an app works?Is Ryan Reynolds related to Debbie Reynolds? ; Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Seine?What is the latest format of writing a leave application in school by self? ; Why do some schools ban cursive writing?What is the best website for freelancing? ; Which is best site for freelancing?Would you like to know how to make unlimited income at home? ; PAIN the LOWER LEGS?Shouldn't a Chinese aircraft carrier protect the freedom of navigation in the Indian Ocean, while an Indian-bought aircraft carrier creates tensions in the Indian Ocean? ; Why is it sometimes necessary to require δ ≤ 1 in a delta-epsilon proof and why do we have to let δ = minimum {1, epsilon/k} for some constant k?What is cavity? ; What is a cavity?What are some examples of good manners? ; What are examples of good manners?Why does India use WPI instead of CPI to calculate inflation? ; Which commodities are included in CPI while measuring inflation?Which drone should I buy, the GoPro Karma, or the DJI Mavic? ; Does the Sandisk Ultra work with GoPro cameras? If so, which software should I download for managing my GoPro?What is the best way to get a VC? ; How do I become a VC?Which animated movies have scenes of autumn, harvesting, farming, beautiful scenery? ; Which movie has most hot scenes in a movie?Who are the Quorans on Wattpad? ; Who has a Wattpad?How do you forgive someone who broke your trust? ; How do you forgive someone who broke your heart?What does an alligators breath smell like? ; What is the purpose of alligator tears?How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption? ; How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?Is listing patents on your resume a positive when looking for work in Silicon Valley? ; What do Silicon Valley company CEOs do on the weekends?What are the bad effects of clonazepam medicine? ; What are the effects of clonazepam?How can I write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi? ; How should I write letter to Narendra Modi?How long does it take to create a website? ; How long does it take to build a social website?How can I download youtube playlists? ; How do I download complete YouTube playlist videos without any software?What is the scope of NetSuite as an ERP in India? Do we have companies who work on NetSuite? ; What is the scope of NetSuite as an ERP in India? Which companies work on NetSuite?What jobs have the highest turnover rates? ; Which jobs have a high turnover rate?What percentage of Australia is desert, and how do deserts in Australia compare to deserts in Asia? ; What percentage of Australia is desert, and how do deserts in Australia compare to deserts in the US?How do I burn tummy fat easily? ; How do I lose my tummy fat and chest fat?Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip? ; How the nano GPS chips (NGC) in Indian 2000 Rupees notes works? Can’t people deactivate it?Which algorithms are used in recommender systems? ; What algorithm can I use in a payroll system?How do I get rid of the distractions like PC? ; How do I get rid of my distractions?I am being offered a job I have little experience in. Should I take it? ; I just got a job offer as a Ruby on Rails (RoR) developer. I got 3+ years of experience with C#/.Net. Is it a smart career path to take?How are INTJs and INFJs similar? ; Can INFJs get paranoid like INTJs?What happens to the muscle gained from steroids after you stop taking them, assuming diet and exercise stay the same? ; If I take steroids without working out , will I gain muscle?What is secular moral education? ; What is secular morality?Is backward time travel possible? ; Is time travel already possible on Earth?What are some interesting places to visit in Chennai? ; What are the best places in chennai?Who do you think will win IPL 2015? ; Who do you think would win the IPL Season 7?How many temples were actually there by the time when "Shore temple" in tamilnadu was built, and how many sank under the bay of Bengal? ; Denominations and Organized Religion: How many churches, mosques, synagogues, and temples are there in Chicago?What is the solution to control anger? ; What should I do to overcome my anger?Red pill makes you fluent in every human language. Blue pill makes you master of every musical instrument. Which do you choose? ; There are two pills. The blue which enables you to master all instruments in the world or the red which enables you to be fluent in all languages. Which would you choose and why?What do cottontail rabbits eat? ; What do rabbits eat?What's the most important concept in economics? ; What's the most important economic concept?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in China? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Taiwan?How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin? ; How do I get rid of acne and its spots?I really like this girl. How can I tell if she likes me? ; How do I tell if a girl I sit next to likes me?What camera does Charles Trippy use? ; How do I boost my youtube videos with 5000  YOUTUBE views?What’s the difference between data, information and knowledge in machine systems? Or is there a difference? ; What is the difference between a Data Engineer and a Data Scientist?How do I get tickets for The Kapil Sharma Show ? ; When is Kapil Sharma's next show?What is the best way to get investment for your startup? ; What are the ways to get an investment for startup?What is the best way to learn white hat hacking? ; Which is the best way to learn hacking?How can I hack Clash of Clans for unlimited gems? ; How can I hack clash of Clans game?What if we had a sphere that is perfectly filled with water and we slowly kept heating it? ; How do I get work for studio?What day trips are there from Barcelona? ; What day trip from Barcelona do you recommend?Which laptop do you recommend: Asus N56vz Core I7 or Asus A450lc Core I5 Nvidia Gt-720? ; I want to buy a laptop with 8GB of RAM, a 2/4GB graphics card, core i7 or i5, and 5th generation Linux. What are some suggestions?What are Star Wars fans called? ; Why is it called Star Wars?Before I start to learn programming what should I learn first? ; What are some of the best ways to learn programming?How do I become a pilot at low cost? ; Where can I study pilot training at low cost?What same food should I eat every day to protect my health? ; Is it healthy to eat a tomato every day?How do you answer this hard math question? ; What is the answer to this grade one/ primary one math question?What's the reason why tadpoles blow bubbles? Is it normal for them to make bubbles at the edges of a tank? ; Can we produce air bubbles remaining in water?How should a boy walk? What should his posture be like? ; What is the best single exercise for improving posture?What is organisms? ; What is organic?Who is the greatest batsman of all time? ; Who is the greatest cricket player of all time?What would you say about The Park Trump Tower coming up in Mumbai and Trump Towers in Pune? Don't you think his policies would be favorable for India? ; Is Donald Trump lying about seeing thousands and thousands of Muslims cheering in New Jersey when the World Trade Center came down on 9/11?How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Kalahari Desert? ; How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Thar Desert?What are some of the double standards people have? ; What are some double standards on Quora?What are the deliverable s in work breakdown structure? ; How can I get good at talking to girls? Just enough to start a conversation?What is algorithms? ; What are computer algorithms?What is your best hollywood movie? ; What are some of the best Hollywood movies for students?Why doesn't Blogger offer the option of automatically displaying nicely for mobile browsers? ; Why is the AdSense ad link not displayed on the mobile site?How does a minor who is the owner of a LLC appoint a officer capable of creating a Bank account for the LLC? ; CAN A MINOR BE PARTNERS in AN LLC AND How TO OPEN the ACCOUNT through the BANK?What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Somalia? ; What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Sweden?What are some of the best investment plans? ; What's the best investment?What is the best photo editing app for Android mobile? ; Which is the best photo editing app for Android and iPhone?What's your failure stories? ; What is your failure story?What are the best CPM ad networks? ; Which are the best CPM ad networks?Which kind of fit can we say of pen and their opener (cap)? ; How do I scale/fit a tablet pen to a canvas?How can one make money online? ; How can i make money online easily?What are the pros and cons of Insanity when compared to running in terms of losing weight? ; I've been running 3 times per week. I have been watching my calories, but I am gaining weight instead of losing weight. What am I doing wrong?How can I get the typeface used for the Windows 7 logo? ; Google 360 degree Street View Camera?What is the future for behaviour economics? ; What is the future of Behavioural Economics?The pen is mightier than the sword. debate topic? ; Is the pen mightier than the sword, since words can be ignored easily?How can you become an adjunct professor? Will the teaching content/curriculum be provided by the University or College? What is the typical selection process that Universities follow to select an adjunct professor? ; How do you become an adjunct professor?Which is the creepiest song you have ever heard? ; What is the creepiest song you have ever heard? Why?How was in vitro fertilization discovered? ; When was In Vitro Fertilization discovered?Does Magnus Carlsen have photographic memory? ; Will Magnus Carlsen ever write a chess book?Who was the most inspiring writer for you? ; Who is the most inspiring writer of all time?What is Netflix's AWS bill every month? Are these costs more or less same throughout the year? ; What is the monthly AWS cost for Uber?Did Israel start the Six Day War in 1967? ; What Arab nation fought the best against Israel in the 6 Day War?Which one of this is correct: I had my lunch, I have had my lunch, I have ate my lunch? ; Grammar: Were you born that way or did you had to study? Is this correct English?What is the meaning of Marathi word 'Kombdi'? ; What is the meaning of Marathi word 'Sohla'?Should I become a professor? ; How do you become a professor?What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Paraguay? ; What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in China?What are credits for in engineering? ; What are the credits in engineering?Where is the Indian currency printed in India? ; Where are the currency printed in india?What's harder at Stanford: CS 246 or 229? ; What year do Stanford CS majors typically take CS 229?Is there any website where I will get information about different mirco-controllers with required features (ex. wifi enabled, having VGA port)? ; My first monitor is attached to DVI port of GPU. Can I add second monitor to VGA port of motherboard?Ethical hacking certification for free? ; Which ethical hacking certificate should I get?Why do oil heaters (room heaters) have fans. Do they burn oxygen, too? ; How can I color a wall heater?Which artists have influenced Leona Lewis? ; What is it like to work with Leona Lewis?What is a University of Pennsylvania admissions interview like? ; What do Brown admissions interviewers look for?In what way or order did you learn algorithms and data structures? ; In what order should I learn algorithms?Why is the colour of KMnO4 purple before the titration and after the end point it is pink? ; Can urea be oxidized by KMnO4?Where can I buy very incredible and most amazing cupcakes in Gold Coast? ; Where can I buy special flavor cupcake at Gold Coast?Where could I find a SD Memory Card data recovery software free of cost? ; Where can I get an SD memory card data recovery software free of cost?How do I learn Spanish as soon as possible? What is the best way to learn? ; What's the best way to learn Spanish?How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Togo? ; How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Pakistan?Has CBSE Heritage India Quiz 2016 been cancelled? ; Is there a demand for quiz companies in India?Who is the most influential person in your life? ; Who are some of the most influential people that have ever lived?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Citizens? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Itron?What does a grey wolf husky mix look like? ; What does a timber wolf husky mix look like?Do Quora users still see questions that are marked as needing improvement? ; My question was marked as needing improvement! What does it mean? How do you mark other questions for improvement?What is the process of getting into The National Youth Theatre? Is it hard to get into? ; After a movie is completed, what is the step by step process of getting it into theatres?What happens if payment of a cheque stopped by me although I have sufficient funds in account? ; How will blockchain impact accounting, auditing & finance?What is an e exponential? ; What is e (exponential)?What are the unique features of newly launched payment app (BHIM) by central government? ; What is your review of BHIM App? How is it going to change India?Time Travel Is It Possible? ; Is time travel possible? If yes howWhere can I find Twitter statistics by country? ; Why do people learn science but trust god?Shakespeare once said "There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy". How should skeptics best address this question? ; Which is the Shakespeare's best poem?Why is Java not considered a pure object-oriented programming language? ; Is Java 100% Object Oriented Programming Language?Why do super-rich people want to get richer? ; Why do the rich always get richer?How do I add an RSS feed to my Flipboard magazine? ; Is it possible to extract a RSS feed from a Flipboard magazine?Did Star Wars: The Force Awakens take in enough money to make a profit? ; Do I need to watch previous Star Wars films to watch Star Wars: The Force Awakens?What is the scariest you have ever heard or read? ; What was the scariest story you ever heard?How do I apply for a PAN card online? ; How do I apply for a PAN card?What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy? ; India's Prime Minister removed 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation. Is this a good way to curb the spread of black money?Am I the only one who thinks Rachel Green is a bitch in the TV show, Friends? ; Am I the only one who prefers Monica and Chandler's relationship compared to Ross and Rachel's on Friends?Where can I found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in Sydney? ; Where can I found large collections of ceramic and porcelain wall and floor tiles in Sydney?How does YouTube manages its datacenter? ; What ice cream should I have at Baskin Robbins in Mumbai, India if I am visiting it for the first time?What are some good resources for beginner to start learning JavaScript? ; What are the top 5 resources for learning Javascript?Is it possible to create a mathematical function to obtain the nth prime number? ; Is there any formula for finding nth prime number?Who are some excellent underground hip-hop artists specifically local to your area that most people would not know about? ; I am a 5 year exp Java/J2EE Developer. Need salary related advice?How do I take 360 degree photos/videos and upload them to Instagram? ; Can I use Maya to create 360 degree videos for upload to YouTube?What is the employee discount for Amazon employees? ; What employee discount do Amazon employees get?Does Twitter do fall software engineering internships? ; If your are the head of HRM ina company .with different issues, what will be your major priorities? How will you apporoach and solve these issuesHow do I become a big programmer? ; What should I do to be good programmer?What is the best way to evaluate a potential market? ; How can I assess potential market for a product?What is the best product I can buy under ₹50000? ; What is the best laptop I could buy under 50000?What are some of the best mock test for the SBI or IBPS bank PO exam? ; What are some of the best online resources to take a mock test for the SBI or IBPS bank PO exam?What movie website can I watch movies on without credit card information? ; Which website doesn’t require a credit card confirmation to watch movies?Why did France abolish Vietnamese writing system- Chu Nom? How much harm it had caused to the Vietnamese culture ? ; If Vietnam had not been colonized by France, would the Vietnamese language still be using Chinese characters (Chữ Nôm / 字喃), like Japanese, and, to a lesser extent, Korean, today?Which are the best online courses for Machine learning? ; Which are best machine learning courses which gives free certification?What is a tree data structure? ; What is B* Tree in Data Structure?Which are the best clinics in Bangalore for stretch marks laser treatment? I have it all over my body. ; Do stretch marks go away?Is there a proven causality between smoking and lung cancer? ; Does smoking really cause cancer? Is it scientifically proven?Vision (eyesight): What are some tricks to speed up the recovery from pupil dilation drops after an eye exam? ; Why does death cause a dilated pupil?How can you determine the Lewis dot structure for sulfur? ; How do you determine the Lewis Dot Structure for calcium?What is the advantage for species to be specialists, and how can they survive in the presence of opportunistic/generalist species? ; Is cross species genetics possible?How do I create an e-commerce website? ; How can I create an e-commerce website for my business?How do I track that my email was opened by the recipient? ; How do you determine whether an email was opened by a recipient?Who will win the U.S.A presedential elections of 2016? ; Who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why?What creative and new activities can be made in fun day event in medical school? ; What are creative and new activities to be made in fun day event in medical school?What are the similarities and differences between Mac OS and Windows? ; What are the differences between a PC and a Mac?What are the castes that belong to the surname "Tharigopula"? ; Which caste does the surname 'Bhagat' belong to?Who is the next Michael Jackson? ; Who is going to be the next Michael Jackson?Why do children read? ; Why don't children like reading?Which Russian battle during WW1 had the use of trenches, guns, cannons and gas attacks? ; Which Russian battle during WW1 had the use of trenches, tanks, cannons and gas attacks?How do I make money using Instagram? ; Can you see who views your Instagram?Why am I feeling nauseous and have diarrhea? ; If the Executive has Clear Majority in Lok Sabha then what is the point of voting on introducing Bills like money bill? Don't mention abt Rajya Sabha.How can I swing a tennis ball without taping it in cricket? ; What is a seam in cricket ball?How does it feel to fall out of love? ; Is it normal to fall out of love?In the summer how would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990? ; What workout attire would guys wear in the summer like it's the year 1990?What does it feel like to have low self esteem? ; What is low self esteem?How would you use "ad hoc" in a sentence? Would you ever use it in spoken conversation, or only in writing? ; How is "arbitrator" used in a sentence?How easy is it to learn Python? ; Is Python easy to learn?Where can you find the best Binary Options trading Systems? ; Applications 4 bit asynchronous counter?How comfortable are you with failure? ; How comfortable am I with failure?What is the difference between Audi Quattro and Subaru Symmetrical AWD? ; What car is better: Audi Quattro or BMW xDrive?What is 9 + 10 + 2? ; What is 9 + 10?How long does it take to get Voter Id card in India? ; How can I transfer my voter ID card to a new address?What scripting language is useful for web development? ; Which server-side scripting language should we use in web development today?Which company has the best image recognition APIs in the market place today? ; What is the best image recognition software for identifying and tracking the tip of a finger in real time (iOS Platform)? Is Clarifai any good?What is it like like to date an extremely attractive man? ; How can I make women extremely attracted to me as a young man?I have 14 employees in my carton box factory. I need PF for them. Can I apply for it or Do I have to increase the number of employees to do so? ; I am an M-1 visa student and my I-20 is valid for 1 year. The immigrant administration allows me to have OPT in which I can work for 1 month for every 4 months of studying. Can my employee apply for a work visa for me if they need me?What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Morocco? ; What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Australia?Were any major party candidates as problematic as Donald Trump? ; I am now 7 sem BE mech. can I crack gate exam?How do prepare for IAS for a fresher? ; How do I prepare for civil service?Which one is better among caffeine and taurine? ; What is the best way to letting go and forgiveness?What do you do if you are lost and don't know what you want to do in life? ; What will you do when you don't know what to do in life?I'm 19 y/o school dropout in Delhi living away from my parents. I've no girlfriend but I've sexual feelings & want to have sex. What should I do? ; Head lice problem?In what decade will North Korea collapse? ; Will North Korea collapse?What are some different exonyms your languages gives to places in other countries? ; Ilayathalapathi Vijay phone number?What does "co-adaptation of neurons" in a Neural network mean? ; In a neural network using TensorFlow, how to find the vector of weights associated with each neuron in a given layer (e.g. the first hidden layer)?What are the best sleeping ear muffs to block out sound? ; What is the best earplug that blocks out sound, is safe, but allows me to hear my alarm in the morning?How many employees does Quora have? ; Why does Quora have so many employees?What are the origins of the Foochow or Fuzhou people? ; What are the origins of the Kabyle people?Who own ygeia3.com? ; Who owns Softonic.com?What's the best python IDE for a 9 year old? (for Mac) ; What is the best Python IDE for Mac?How do Geneva-brand watches compare quality-wise to other watches? ; Are Emporio Armani watches high quality?What soccer position is hardest to play? ; Who is the oldest person to play soccer?What are the main reasons why students from the University of Nebraska at Kearney don't graduate on time? ; What are the main reasons why students from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln don't graduate on time?I want to practice building my logic in a more interesting way or where I focus exclusively on logic instead of languages and syntax? ; How could I practice building my logic in a more interesting way or where I focus exclusively on logic instead of languages and syntax?What does the average funeral service include and how long should it last? ; How long can a burial plot last before it is reused?Is Gatorade a good hangover cure? ; What is your personal hangover cure?Which state in India has the most beautiful people (men and women)? ; Which state in India can boast of having the most beautiful women?What are the top luxury magazines? ; What are the best car magazines?How many litres/bottles of alcohol can one person take along from Pondicherry to Chennai (legally)? ; Which brand of alcohol one should take in winter?What are some gerunds examples? ; What are examples of gerunds used in sentences?Which institutions in Kolkata give coaching for entrance exams for a master's in political science? ; What are some good coaching institutes for the CSIR NET exam in life science in Pune? Do they cover subject depth as needed for the exam?How do I fix the error “This host supports Intel VT-x, but Intel VT-x is disabled” when running VMware workstation? ; How do I run OS X Mountain Lion on vmware workstation 8?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Sumter County GA? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Early County GA?Can you see who liked a photo from Instagram on the computer? ; Do you Instagram users ever click on who liked the photo?What does immiseration mean and how is it used in a sentence? ; What does 'intricate' mean and how would you use it in a sentence?When wild humans are found in the wild, why are people using the word "rescue" from his/her animal families when they're actually kidnapping him/her? ; When wild humans are found in the wild, why are people using the word "rescue" from their animal famillies when they're actually kidnapping him/her?How is Tim Cook as a CEO? ; What is your review of Tim Cook (Apple CEO)?What is the best career option for an electrical engineer who is interested in coding? ; What is best career option for electronics & instrumentation engineering?After completing Msc CS from University of Delhi,can a student pursue admission in MS in computer science in US? ; Is it possible for me to pursue MS in CS/IT/MIS from the US after completing B.Tech in Aerospace Engineering from India?What are some of the best places for couples in Coimbatore? ; What are the best places to visit in Coimbatore?What's the difference between mi5 a? ; What are the pros and cons of joining MI5 or similar agencies?What are the cheapest Grand Canyon tours in Vegas? ; Are there any public transportation options from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon?Why don't you cry? ; Why do we cry?Can I run GTA V on my laptop which can run COD Ghosts pretty well? ; Can I run GTA 5 on my laptop?Is Netanyahu generally liked by non-Muslims, non-Arabs and Israelis? How do Jews and Christians in the whole Islamic world (from Jakarta to Casablanca) think of him? ; What do Christians/Muslims/Jews think of non-religious theists? I am destined for Hell in your opinion?What are some mind-blowing facts about comibatore? ; What are some mind-blowing facts about 'Thirukural' ?What is the best 35mm film for landscape photography? ; What is the best lighting for landscape photography?How does one cook broccoli? ; How do you cook broccoli in butter?How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy? ; What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?What are the different types of bra available in India? ; What is the difference between bra size 34 and 35 in india?How has the user's ability to post on Facebook/Twitter changed the way products are tested? ; How often does Facebook display ads between posts on the user's stream? What's the logic behind it?Why do most married men visit prostitutes? ; Why do men visit prostitutes?Is brute-force hacking often used to hack people's passwords? ; How do brute force attacks get around the issue of maximum password attempt limits?Do I need a specific power adapter when travelling in Switzerland, or can an EU adapter be used with Swiss power outlets? ; What are the power adapters like in Brazil?What is the meaning of the phrase "single and ready to mingle"? ; How did the phrase "single and ready to mingle" originate?Interior Design: What features and components would the dream office contain? ; Where can I find some cool home decor products in USA?How was episode 4 of permanent roommates season 2? ; How was the season 2 episode 1 of Permanent Roommates?What is a way to be more feminine? ; How can I be feminine?How do I change the text color in Quora? ; How do you change the text color on an iPhone?What is the difference between the prior and the posterior in statistics? ; What is the difference between statistics and stochastic?What does Mario say at the end of each level of New Super Mario Bros. DS? ; How do you rotate an El Capitan screen in 2016?Who is your favorite movie director and why? ; Who is your favorite current movie director?What is 'Wants to share with you ' notification on fb? ; What wisdom you want to share today?How do I read my friend's WhatsApp chat without taking his phone? ; How do I transfer whatsapp chat history from old phone to new?What are some good examples or case studies of crisis communications and social media in Eastern Europe or the Baltic? ; What are some non-obvious ways that people can use social media to advance their careers?How did you learn Processing? ; How do I learn to process emotion?Is it me or there is less fragmentation in Windows 10 than in Windows 8.1? ; How I can protect my folders in Windows 8.1?Which college is the best: College of Vocational Studies or Maitreyi College in Delhi University? ; What is the value of studying BA at a lower end college of Delhi University (DU)?What is the best torrent site for porn? ; What is the best torrent site for movies?Why can we not use diesel in petrol engines? What will happen if we will use diesel in petrol engines? ; What would happen if we supply diesel to a petrol car and vice versa?Is Envita.com legit? ; Is codingparks.com legit?Am 25 and recently working on SAP frustrated with my job and coding, should I start share business, is it a right decision? ; I am a 25 year old working in the IT sector and planning to leave my job for IAS preparation. Is this the right thing to do?Is it safe to download torrents now? ; Where is it safe to torrent?What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Morgan County IL? ; What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cook County IL?How did Leatherface (2017 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made? ; How did It (2017 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?In your opinion, what's the most just punishment for rapists? ; What is the most justified punishment for rapists?Can we kill herpes virus once it is out of nerve cell I attached a pic of the description of the question please read and answer? ; Can we kill herpes virus once it is out of nerves cell?What makes someone a good kisser? ; What is the difference between a good kisser and a bad kisser?Who made you realize you were gay? ; When did you first realize that you were gay/lesbian/bi?Which site is the best one to learn abacus? ; What is an abacus and how do we learn?What are the best shopping places in Bengaluru for silk sarees? ; Which place in Bangalore is best for buying sarees?What are the best programming languages to learn for web development? ; Which language is the best for web development?What has been the economic impact from Brexit referendum so far? ; What have been the economic effects of Brexit?Why do climate change deniers deny climate change? ; Why are so many people denying climate change?How much is 2 GB of RAM? ; What games can I run on 2 GB RAM computer?What is the correct way to pronounce 1/32? ; What is the correct way to pronounce "Nevada"?How many countries have currencies less valuable than the Indian rupee? ; Why Singapore dollar is higher than Indian rupee?Why do we commemorate Remembrance Day? ; Why do we recognize Remembrance Day?Can I play a high graphic game on my TV connected through laptop with an HDMI cable? ; Why is my HDTV screen all blank white when connected to laptop as a projector thru HDMI cable?What's the correlation between having perfect pitch and being a great singer/having a great singing voice? ; Do all opera singers have perfect pitch?What is the nicest thing that anyone has done for you? ; What's the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?What happens inside Osho Ashram Pune exactly? ; What really happens inside Osho Ashram Pune?Do people believe in the theory of 'ancient aliens' being our creators? ; Why do people believe in the ancient aliens theory?Is it normal to have a blue ring around the eyes? ; I've seen yellowish brown coloured ring around my iris, which does not distinct from iris, is this normal?Is it possible to learn multiple languages at the same time? ; How would you go about learning the Italian and German languages at the same time?Why did Samsung stop camera production? ; Will Samsung stop coming out with the Galaxy series?What is it like to identify a body? ; What are identifiers in c?Why do American documentaries and commercials generally have lower sounding male voice-overs than British ones? ; Why do we find Indian professors short-tempered and hot headed whereas their American/European counterparts are generally cool with an essence of humor while they are teaching?How do I minimize [math]\sqrt{(x-3) ^2+(y-5) ^2}+\sqrt{(x-2) ^2+(y-2) ^2}+\sqrt{(x-8) ^2+(y-1) ^2}+ \sqrt{(x+8) ^2+(y+6) ^2}[/math]? ; What is the minimum of [math]\frac {\sqrt{x^2 + (1 - y)^2}} {\sqrt{1 - y}} + \frac {\sqrt{y^2 + (1 - x)^2} }{(1 + \sqrt{1 - y})}[/math] where [math]0 \leq x, y \leq 1[/math]?Is sex addiction a reality? ; Is sex addiction a real condition?Who should I follow on Instagram? ; Who is the most followed on Instagram?How can you factory reset your Toshiba Satellite Laptop? ; How do you factory reset a Toshiba Satellite Pro?What is the salary of a support engineer II at Amazon India with 3 years of experience? ; What is the work of a Chemical engineer in the companies of Tyre, Bosch and what is the future scope? What is there if you didn't clear TCS Lapp exam.? ; What if I didn't able to clear TCS Lapp exam?How do I save photos on Flickr? ; How many photos are on Flickr?How can we arrange a get together for fathers-in-law and mothers-in-law of both sides of the family? ; What does the mother in law plan consist of?What is it like to study history at Oxford? ; What is it like to study at Oxford?Is the Clinton campaign's recent strategy of saying a third party vote is a vote for Trump likely to sway millennial voters? Is this strategy wise? ; Starting an ecommerce business from scratch?What is the negative side of Quora? ; What are the negative sides of capitalism?How do I learn about computer programming, networking and computer hardware? ; How can I learn everything about computers?How do the Buddhists perceive, feel, understand, view, believe, and/or opine, about Dalits, Shudras, and Dasa? ; How do the Jains perceive, feel, understand, view, believe, and/or opine, about Dalits, Shudras, and Dasa?How do purified and distilled water differ? ; How is water different from distilled water?Which Android phones have no manufacturer pre-installed apps? ; What is the best way to market an Android app to a carrier so they would pre-install it on their phones?What are exclamatory sentences? What are some examples? ; What is an exclamatory sentence?What percentage of interviewed applicants get into Harvard? ; How does Harvard College interview applicants?What are the requirements to become a computer programmer? ; What are the requirements to be a programmer?Would you purchase the (2015) Honda Pilot or Nissan Murano? Why? ; Which Crossover SUV is the best for a family, Nissan Qashqai, Ford Edge or Honda CR-V?What I do after electrical engineering? ; What is Electrical Engineering?What is the career oppertunity after a M.Sc. Physics degree from IITs or some good universities? ; I am Indian currently pursuing Bachelor in Mass Communication. I wish to study MA in Culture, Literature and Media from University of Iceland. Review?How do girls feel when they are squirting? ; How does it feel for a woman to squirt?Have any Indians visited Pakistan as tourists? What guidance do you have for such a visit? ; What is it like for an Indian to visit Pakistan?Is Politico biased? Republican or Democrat? ; Is Jake Tapper a republican or democrat?Are there any verified angel investors on Quora? ; Which angel investors are on Quora?Are there any inventions that originated from Singapore? ; What are some unique products, inventions or discoveries that originate from Singapore?What can I do to increase my memory ; How do I my increase memory power?Would it be possible to ever transfer data between a human brain and a computer? ; Is it possible for the human brain to crash like a computer? What would happen?Why do women get pregnant? ; Why can't some women get pregnant?What percentage of men have had sex with a man? ; What percentage of men have had sex with another man?How was your solo trip to Goa? ; What are the must do things on Goa for my solo trip this January?Vinny Devito: May I have your advice? ; What is forward biased pn junction?How do I convince my girlfriend to have sex? ; How do I convince my girlfriend to have a threeway with another girl?How did Joseph meet Mary? ; When did the Virgin Mary myth start?Could Donald Trump actually be a good president, even better than Hillary Clinton would be? ; Why will Donald Trump be a good president?What is the surface of Mercury similar to? ; What is the surface of Mercury like?Is free higher education in Germany sustainable? ; Is higher education free in Germany?Was the ban on switchblades a good idea? ; What was the most expensive data loss ever?What is the easiest way to get a green card in the US? ; How can I get a green card?Is it possible to get out of friendzoned? ; How can a girl get out of the friend zone?When I change line from London Underground to DLR, do I need to tap out and then tap in? ; When filling up a pot from a tap in order to boil water, should I let the water run until it is hot or use cold water?What internships are there for minority students in their freshman year? ; How do I give a welcoming speech to students of the freshman year?What is the best way to heal from leaky gut? ; How do I heal a leaky gut?In an interview I was asked "you are from engineering background, why do you want to join marketing or sales?" How could I answer this question? ; What are the best marketing questions asked in interview?How do we time travel? ; Will time travel be possible in future?How powerful will the James Webb Space Telescope be? ; What kind of things are we going to see with the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?What is the best free sitemap generator? ; What is the best way to generate a sitemap over 1000 pages?Defects of using technology to reduce corruption? ; Are pyramid schemes for stupid people?How can you make friends with people? ; How do I make friend?Why are houses in India not built of steel and assembled, unlike other Western methods of building construction? ; In Saudi Arabia, the government demolishes mosques build roads and other constructions. Why did Muslims make such an issue of the Babri Masjid case in India?What is eatalo.com? ; What is lifebydesign.com?Does China believe that Singapore is a renegade province? ; In which province of China did Bao Xiruo save Wanyan Honglie?Is it possible to sustain life in other planets? ; Do you think there's life on other planets?What are some name suggestions for a company specializing in new ideas, with the keyword "ventures"? ; What are the best ideas to start a wedding planner business? What are some suggestions for a good name for my new venture?What is the Arizona bark scorpion, and how do animal species in the Sonoran Desert compare to species in the Syrian Desert? ; What is the Arizona bark scorpion, and how do animal species in the Sonoran Desert compare to species in the Karakum Desert?I have no way of getting my PF account number.What should I do? ; Can anyone guide me with UAN / PF account?How force is a vector but energy is a scalar quantity? ; Why work is scalar quantity when both displacement and force are vector quantities?How can I lose weight effectively? ; How can I lose 25 kg?What is the difference between hardware decoding and software decoding? ; Where can I find a dial tone reader/decoder that can read the dial tone from your earpiece on your cell phone that the other party is dialing?Are you fertile before your period? ; Can a woman get pregnant just before her period?Which research areas of neuroscience attract the brightest minds? ; Which research areas of chemistry attract the brightest minds?How can I prevent getting a small lump in my earlobe? ; How are small lumps in the earlobe removed?Can there be someone who's never had sex throughout their lives? ; Who are some popular female television show characters who do not want and never have children throughout the duration of their television show?What are the services provided by PcKure.com? ; What service is provided by klear.com?What is the shortest sentence that has all 26 letters in the English alphabet? ; Can you think of a sentence containing all the letters of the alphabet?Do you know how many Gili islands are there in Lombok? ; How many islands are countries?Has San Francisco lost its soul? ; Did San Francisco lose its soul?If I unfollow "Friend A" on Facebook. Will they get notified if I follow them again? ; What is the fastest way to get 10,000 Instagram followers if you don't have a Facebook account and you don't want buy them?What are the different types of circumcisions? ; What are the different types of circumcisions, and how do they differ?How do I learn coding? ; How to learn coding?How can I get a bike? ; How do I ride a bicycle?What is the best LR (logical reasoning) book for CAT? ; What is DI / LR in CAT?How does the BMW M3 compare to the 335? ; How dumb would it be to get a BMW 335 in the M-Sport line without a manual transmission?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Nepal? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Iran?Paltalk- what good thing have you gotten from being on paltalk? ; Is there a way to unbounce Paltalk?What are some good books or references to get started with machine learning? ; How can I understand machine learning?When I was in Shanghai recently I saw someone wearing a t-shirt that said "Land of the Free" in English. Why would a Chinese person do that? How dangerous was it? ; How dangerous is Shanghai, China for tourists?How do I add images in Quora? ; How do I add photos to my questions in Quora?What is the use of removing 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes? ; What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?I am a mechanical engineering student in India, but I want to learn about software and create autofill software. What languates do I need to learn?  ; I want to create a mash up of two songs. How do I do that or what software do I need to do so?What is the chord progression in Underworld's "8 Ball"? ; Is there any way to tell what chords I should use for a chord progression?What is the best way to teach your kids about money? ; What motivates you to teach your kids about money?When does the first semester exam of SIBM pune for MBA generally start? ; I am an MBA HR student from SIBM Pune. I am in my 2nd year and placements start in 2 months. How should I prepare for my final placements?How can I put a home icon on Android Chrome browser? ; Who are section traffic controller in Indian railways?What is the Pokémon XY anime synopsis? ; How do I change my Deoxys's form in Pokémon XY?What kind of person should I be? ; What kind of person are you?How do you correctly use "who" and "whom"? ; When should I use "who" and when should I use "whom"?If w is brownian motion t is time, how dw^2=dt? ; Is e^w(t) a martingale, w(t) being a brownian motion?How often is it good to masturbate? ; How often should one masturbate?How do I get PMP certified in 1 month? ; What is the best way to study for the PMP in one month?In layman's terms, what does Palantir actually do? ; What is shell scripting actually used for, in layman's terms?How do I get rid of scalp acne? ; How did you cure your acne?What is a healthy diet for people with ADHD? ; What is a healthy diet for a teenager?Where should I promote my blog? ; Should I promote my blog already?How do I talk to a girl in school? ; How do I talk to a girl in class?What are some new year resolutions for 2017? ; What is your New Year resolution?What are some cool ideas behind behavioral neuroscience? ; What is a cool video idea?What is the best way to get an internship in Canada? ; What is the best way to get a visa to work in Canada for an internship?Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it? ; Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?How much is a Facebook like worth? ; How much is Facebook worth?What's the average number of answers to each question on Quora? ; How much average answers a question get on Quora?What is GST Bill ? Why it is so important for Government ? ; What's the importance of GST bill in India?What should a bored 14 year old do? ; How do I make money as a 14 year old?What are some good side dishes to serve with stuffed peppers? ; What are some side dish ideas and their recipes to serve with stuffed peppers?Is it necessary to have sex in relationship? ; Is sex important for relationships?What is git hub? ; How can I start learning Git and Github?What are some of the most successful  social media/neo media campaign? ; What was your most successful social media campaign?How can I get a complete list of all my gmail accounts? ; How can I get a list of my Gmail addresses?Why is Manaphy angsty throughout in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea? ; Why is Manaphy annoying in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?What are some advantages of falling in love? ; What are the advantages of not falling in love?Why are smiles infectious? ; What makes a smile infectious?What are the dimensions of the emitter and collector in a typical BJT? ; What is the fifth dimension?What should I know to get into GSoC? ; What do I need to learn to get a fair chance of getting selected for GSoC?Will bulletproof coffee help me burn more fat? ; Does bulletproof coffee work? Is it legitimate?What apps identify plants if you take a picture of the plant? ; Can I use free to download pictures in my app?How can I get a complete list of all old Gmail accounts in my name? ; How do I get a list of my gmail accounts?Why MS Dhoni left captaincy though he was a successful captain? ; Why has Dhoni left the captaincy from ODI and T20?Is a 1GB Ram Windows Phone (Lumia) good at multitasking? ; The Lumia series, which works on Windows 8.1 platform, usually has less RAM than Android phones? Why?How can I gain weight naturally? ; Doing excessive masturbation is a cause of less weight. How do I gain weight naturally?What is the property tax rate in Granville, Ohio? How is it compared to the one of Washington? ; What is the property tax rate in Granville, Ohio? How is it compared to the one of Louisiana?What's the best smartphone I can get under rs. 15000? ; Which is the best smartphone I can buy under 15000 in july 2016?How do I hack a mobile phone remotely? ; How do I hack a victim’s mobile without help?How much a decent south Africa trip will cost from india for a single traveller? ; Is traveling from South Africa to Egypt possible by the Nile River?What are test drivers and stubs? ; What is a test plan?How do you make fresh lemonade? ; How do you add new subplots in epic fantasies that aren't cliched, and how do you make them fresh?What's it like to work at Medidata Solutions for your first job? ; So how much the total rows and column?How I develop thinking ability? ; How do I increase my thinking skills?What is an operating system, what are types of operating systems? ; Can one PC contain more than 2 OS?How do you convert 250g into ml? ; How do I convert mg to mL?What was the role of media among Asian-Americans during the Great Depression from 1929-1941? ; What was the role of education among Asian-Americans during the Great Depression from 1929-1941?Fighting: What is the quickest way to kill a person with your bare hands? ; How many men are needed to take down a chimpanzee bare-handed?What is the best flash player for tablets? ; What are the best flash players?What is the hardest skateboarding trick ever performed in the world? ; What is the hardest skateboarding trick ever performed?What is the best passive investment strategy? ; What is the best investment strategy for a 45 year old?How do I Write More Blog Post in Less Time? ; How does sarsobiz work?Can I recycle type 7 plastic? Why? ; What is the most recyclable type of plastic?How many industries will the first trillionaire be in? ; From which industry will the first trillionaire emerge?Does php support by Firebase? ; Do 10th and 12th marks affect getting a job after doing the MS?What do you think about the Modi's sudden decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rs denomination? ; What's your opinion on Indian Prime Minister Modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes?Is November 2016 a good time, to visit Barcelona and Italy ? ; Is November a good time to visit Barcelona?What are some of the application problems in arithmetic progression? ; What are some applications for arithmetic progression?What are the steps for learning to read and write in a language that you can already speak and understand? ; What is the best way to delete my Kijiji account?What is the difference between final investigation report and jmfc 173 report? ; How do news reports report live from remote area?If you could design a symbol for kindness, what would it look like? ; What are some important black and white symbols used in the world? How were they designed and why are they important?What things brighten up your day? ; What small things immediately brighten your day?Does India have nutmeg, mace, and cloves? ; Did China have nutmeg, mace, and cloves?I am a MBA student and I want an internship in HR which I am not getting from college, and if by any chance companies are there, stipend is not offered. What should I do? ; I am a student. I'm 17 and I want a tourist visa for America. Is there any chance to get it? What documents should I work on?How can I actually grow tall? ; How can I grow tall?What is the best Harry Potter movie and why? Is it also your favorite? Why or why not? ; Which is the best Harry Potter movie?How does a boy propose to a girl? ; Why should only boys have to propose to girl?Why is January a depressing month? ; I started to take Cymbalta 60mg 3 months ago. It was working well until now I am feeling more sad and depressed. Has anybody experienced the same?Why should one vote for Donald Trump? ; Are there any legitimate reasons why one would vote for Donald Trump?How do I get off Honestly (formerly Varnished) without logging into Facebook connect? ; What truths, once you finally came to admit them to yourself, made all the difference in the world?According to Indian constituency article 24 child labour is prohibited. Does that mean the children who are working in Bollywood and dramas are not doing labour, but the children working in industries are doing labour? Why this distinction? ; What can a individual do to stop child labour?What should be done after persuing b. Tech in electrical engineering to become an astronaut? ; What are the job prospects after masters in electrical engineering from abroad? (pursuing B.Tech,EE from an IIT)What are good ways to promote a software? ; What are the best ways to promote a software?What part did the bureaucracy get to play in the run up to the recent demonetization move of GOI? ; What are the challenges and opportunities of the mobile mapping (lidar)?What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days? ; What are the best places to visit in Kerala?Why I did not get SMS or mail containg application number when I have registered to JEE Mains 2017 exam and the registration is successful even? ; Did anyone of you ever feel so alone that you tried searching for someone in your phone but couldn't even find one to call?What is the mitochondria? What is the main function? ; What are some functions of the mitochondria?Can you help me with tips for a successful long distance relationship? ; How do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship?Have you ever had sex with a complete stranger? What's your story? ; What was the longest sex you have had?What is the best black Friday deal for this year? ; What are the best Black Friday deals and discount coupons?What is Contempt of Congress? ; What is the legal definition of Contempt of Congress?Why do people commit suicide while in a depression? ; Why do people commit suicide?How do to convert torrent file to direct links? ; Which is the future of torrent and file sharing?What are restricted stock units? What are some examples? ; What are some facts about restricted stock units?How does the Berglas Effect magic card trick work? ; How does magic of playing cards work?Is God really present? ; Is God present or not?Do electrical engineers travel? ; What would be a perfect job if you're an electrical engineer who loves travelling and meeting people?What are some cool Java tricks? ; What are some cool or funny applications that can be developed using multithreading in java?What is the best way to share blog posts on Pinterest? ; How do you share your blog posts?What is a good introductory computer science book? ; What is a great introduction to computer science book?How do I make websites? ; How do I make a website like this?What is the best way to get bitcoins for Free? ; How can you hack bitcoins to get free bitcoins?I have to dress up as a punjabi girl in school. I am a guy can you tell me what things I need to wear ? ; I am 21 yrs of age. I have tired of doing make up every day. As I am not pretty, I would like to know about plastic surgery. I am being jealous seeing other cute girls. I don’t want to do this make up stuff anymore. And I need a best surgeon too.Could you suggest me what to do?What schools offer PhD in analytics? ; What school offers a PHD in design?How was the KVPY 2016 SX paper, and what is the expected cutoff? ; How did KVPY SB/SX 2016 go for you?What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back? ; How do I lose weight without quitting?How can I find a live in partner easily in New Delhi? ; How is Kalkaji, New Delhi as an area to live?What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money? ; How do you see the PM Modi’s move of banning old 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?How do I repair a cracked Apple iPad screen? ; Where can I get my Apple iPad screen repaired?Do love spells really work? ; IS there a love spell that works?What will be the impact on Indian people if the GST bill gets passed? ; What are the benefits of GST bill for common peoples?When will Bulgaria join the schengen? And what about the Euro? ; As a US citizen, if you have overstayed your tourist visa in the Schengen Zone and you try to go directly to Cyprus (not Schengen), what will happen?Facilities in Accenture pune hinjewadi? ; Is their any connection between ocean currents and tectonic plate movements?Was the Indian subcontinent more peaceful during the time of Akbar compared to other rulers of Medival and Ancient period in history? ; How do you describe materialism and idealism in American life?What are the best best microphone stands? ; What is the best microphone?How do I get a job in Networking (Network Engineer/Admn) in a decent organization in Bangalore If I'm right now in a LAN/WAN/Desktop/Remote Support? ; Is there any other channel like Funda Curry - TVF Recycle bin?What is the most demanded software skills in USA? ; What type of software engineer has the most demand and greatest salary?Why do people use travel agents for luxurious holidays? ; Where can I find travel agents for luxurious holidays?Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Colorado River? ; Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Volga River?Is it cheaper/better to buy a brand new luxury car and then resell it after 3 years? or lease it for 3 years? ; Do I save more when I lease a car for 3 years or buy and sell after 3 years?What are the best 10 books on human psychology? ; What are some good books to read about psychology and human behavior?Where can you find out what needs to be improved if your question was marked for needing revision? ; Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"How do fridges and freezers differ? ; How does a freezer and a refrigerator differ?How do I start to learn economics? ; What is the best way to learn economics?Which is the best way to learn hacking just as a hobby? ; How should I learn hacking by myself?What are the consequences for a dog that ate a frog? ; My dog just ate a frog, what can I do?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in South Carolina? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in California?What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Peru? ; What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Sweden?What is an example of a great startup executive summary? ; What are some good examples of Executive Summary for an IT-startup?What are the best high-end preschools in Indianapolis? What makes them good or special? ; What are the best high-end preschools in Waterloo, ON? What makes them good or special?What's a cornerstone investor? ; What distinguishes a good angel investor from a great angel investor?How do you ask a question in Quora with anonymity on? ; How does one ask a question anonymously?How did the 2016 US election polls get it so wrong? ; Why were the polls so inaccurate in the 2016 election?“If homosexuality is a sexual orientation we embraced, shouldn't we do the same for pedophilia?” ; In the future will pedophilia be viewed as a different sexual orientation like homosexuality?What are some good recipes for drinking Southern Comfort? ; What are some great mixers for Southern Comfort?Mrs. Clinton: What are your goals/plans for NASA and the space program? ; What are Hillary Clinton’s plans on funding the space program?What is the least plausible part of the holocaust? ; What is the most plausible part of the holocaust?How I stop my hair fall? ; What can I do to stop hair fall?How does a girl feel losing her virginity to her lover? ; How do girl feel after losing virginity?What is best investment plan for retirement? ; What are the best retirement investment strategies?Which exercises can boost you enough to lose 30 pounds in 1 month? ; What is it like to lose 30 pounds in one month?If SuperCell uses a 2D game engine to make games (Clash Royale, etc.), how do they make the weapons that are fired look 3D or move in a 3D trajectory? ; What is the post in hospital managment in India?Where can you play rummy online in India and are there are any cash tournaments held? ; Is it safe to play rummy for money online?Why is 2000 rupee note released earlier than 500 rupee note ? ; Why does RBI release 2000 note first instead of 500 note?When a question on Quora is marked as 'needing improvement" does that make it invisible? ; How can I ask Quora a question about something that was marked "needs improvement?"?What is the speed of electricity and why? ; What is the speed of electricity?What would be the impact of Quora getting hacked and all anonymous identities exposed? ; What would happen if the anonymous features in Quora were removed and all identities were revealed?How did you make money fast? ; How I can make money fast?How do I get addmision in MIT? ; How can I be selected in mit?Is curved spacetime the same thing as the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space? ; Is the chaotic nature of a strongly interacting dark matter responsible for the Casimir effect?How do you delete a private message which failed to send on Snapchat? ; Is there any way to delete Snapchat saved messages from a receiver?How do I prepare for psychology subject in UPSC Mains? ; How do I prepare Psychology optional as IAS mains?What is done in bariatric surgery? ; What are the bariatric surgery facts?How can we learn new things quickly? ; What are the best ways to learn new things?Is anyone else having trouble using an Oculus Rift DK2 with a PC Running Windows 10 and Oculus Home (any version)? ; How awesome is Oculus Rift?Is 5'9 that much shorter then 6'0? ; If I am 5'9 and my wife is 5'0, how tall will our children be?What happens to those who don't masturbate? ; What happens if you don't masturbate?How is imagery used in "David" by Earle Birney? ; What are the uses of imagery?What's the easiest song to learn on the ukulele for a beginner? ; What are some good songs to learn on the guitar for beginners?How is energy engineering in the IITB? ; What would be better - energy engineering with an MTech in energy systems in IITB or civil engineering in IITM?What is the ideal computer to run CINEMA 4D? ; What is best computer for cinema 4d?Career prospects after doing an MSc in computer science? ; Is it bone the hardest tissue or enamel?What is the right name: Shawarma vs. Döner? ; Is it so that automobile engineering in DTU is better than that in IITD?Which takes longer—flying from north to south or south to north? ; Is it true that aircraft don't fly directly over the north and south poles?What is the function of the shift key on a laptops's keyboard? ; What is the function of the shift button on a laptop's keyboard?What would happen if the Google database was hacked? ; What would happen if Google is hacked?What do Americans think of cricket? ; Cricket: What do americans think about this game?Which Alabama SEO company would be best for SEO services? ; What is the best Alabama SEO Company?How can I control my emotions and actions? ; How could I control my emotions and my negative thoughts?Why is my boyfriend afraid of being seen with me in public even after more than 5 years of relationship? ; My boyfriend talks to me still after breaking up with me but he behaves in a very cold way. We were in a relationship for 5 years. Does it mean he still loves me?Why am I jealous of my peers? ; Why am I jealous?Who are the all-time **most** interesting/creative/memorable students/alumni who attended MIT in the 2000s (first decade)? ; Who are the all-time **most** interesting/creative/memorable students/alumni who attended Princeton in the 2000s (first decade)?Does a woman imply sex if she tells us a guy "maybe we should give each other company"? ; My arrange Marriage is fixed. We now like each other. But there's a guy who  threaten to kill both of us on our wedding. What should I do?What assumptions do people make about you? ; What assumptions do people make about smokers?How can you tell if someone is being honest or not? ; How can you tell if someone isn't honest?How do I advertise my business on Quora? ; How do I advertise on Quora?How will you measure the amount of rainfall at a given time and place? ; What are the best aspects of living in Corona, CA as a young adult?How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Montreal? ; How do you drive from Edmonton to Auckland, and how do notable features of the route compare with those of other Canadian cities?How does single plate clutch works? ; How does a motorcycle clutch work?How do blind people discover their sexual orientation? ; If a person was born blind how would they know their sexual orientation?Can my school (ISC Board) prevent me from appearing in the Boards, if I fail in the Pre-Boards? ; I am appearing for the ISC boards in 2017. What books should I prefer for JEE Mains and WBJEE 2017?How do I read a log table? ; How do I use log table?Are there any free services like Ancestry.com? ; What's it like to work at Ancestry.com?How do you measure elasticity of demand? ; What is Elastic demand?How can I share an idea with a business partner and make sure that person does not steal my idea and plan of execution? How do I protect it? ; How can I be sure people won't steal my idea during a pitch?League of Legends: What are the strengths and weaknesses of Brand? ; League of Legends: What are the strengths and weaknesses of Karma?On Snapchat, how do I know if someone deleted me / removed me? ; On Snapchat, how do I know someone is still following me after I unfriend them?What are the meanings of "semper fi" and "oorah" chants associated with the U.S. Marines? ; What is the mission of the U.S. Marine Corps, and why?What do you feel when you fly? ; What does flying feel like?Boon and bane of supplementary exams? ; If father claims insolvency petition is there any problem for working children?As a venture capital investor, if you had an opportunity to invest in Airbnb but passed, what was your rationale? ; As a venture capital investor, if you had an opportunity to invest in Google but passed, what was your rationale?What are Sodexo coupons? Why does a company give Sodexo coupons to its employees? What's the business model of Sudexo? ; Where can I buy Sodexo coupons?What is cultural imperialism? Are there any solid examples? ; What are some contemporary examples of cultural imperialism?How did George Soros "break the bank of England"? ; How do you explain, to a layman, what George Soros actually did (Black Wednesday)?Popular handyman services? ; What does fresh hamburger meat smell like?How can we become rich soon? ; How can I become rich man?What blood type is a universal receiver? ; Why is O-negative the rarest blood type?What's the best US domestic first class air experience out of any of the 3 main NYC area airports? ; How can I find accommodation for 3 to 4 days in NYC for a low rate in a decent area?Do I need a strong math background to be good at programming? ; How dependent is programming on a strong background in math?What is the best relationship (romantic) you've had with a student or teacher? ; What is the best relationship (non-romantic) you've had with a student or teacher?What is the specific heat of ice? ; What is the heat capacity of ice? How is this determined?Which fictional character do you think you are and why? ; Which fictional character are you?Is my boyfriend cheating on me? ; What can I do if my boyfriend cheated on me?How popular was Leslie Cheung in HK? What is your memory of him as a HK local? ; Who do you recommend me as the Director of my Hong Kong based company in order to keep costs low? Myself (EU citizen/resident), a foreign Nominee or a HK-id local resident as Nominee?Is World War Three really going to happen soon? I have been stressing about it for over a week and I am really scared. ; I'm starting a new job soon and I feel stressed over the new job scope and tight timelines. How should I go about dealing with this?In the U.S., is it customary to pay the marked price for antiques or to try to negotiate a lower price? ; Should I haggle at an antique store?What was the result of today's CodeNation intern interview at NSIT? ; Which companies visit for intern in nsit? A list would be appreciatedWhy is communism considered evil by some people? ; Why do people think Communism is evil?Who would win in a fight between Ben Affleck's Batman versus Vandal Savage (CW Arrow)? ; Who would win in a fight. Ben Affleck's Batman or Vandal Savage (DC Legends Of Tomorrow)?What would you do if you predict the future? ; What are some predictions for the future of China?How does Amazon source its groceries for Amazon Fresh? ; What are the freshest/least fresh items in a standard grocery?Can I get refund on an unused court fee stamp paper? ; Can I get refund from any PG?Which is the best earphones to buy under Rs.600? ; Which is the best buy earphone under Rs.600?Can a female dog get pregnant by two different males? ; Should I get my female cat spayed or my male cat neutered?I'm currently a high school student in Sweden, my dream is to manage an hedge fund, what steps are required from now until then? ; I'm in high school and aspire to be in the United Nations. What steps should I take in college and as a young adult to make my dreams come true?What do you use to find similar websites? ; Why do you need to find similar websites?What is the solution for Quora marking your every question as needing improvement? ; Is there a way on Quora to ask why a specific question was marked as needs improvement?What are some of the funniest questions asked on Quora? ; Which are some of the funniest questions on Quora?While having sex the penis has to go into which vagina ? ; What is the one thing you would change in your life if you were to die tomorrow?Between 6 new IIMs (Trichy, Ranchi and others), NITIE, DMS (IITD) and SJMSOM (IIT B) which one to choose in order of preference? ; How would you choose between SPJIMR, IIM-I, IIT-B, and IIFT-D? (assuming all have been converted)?How do I promote my custom-made wooden furniture manufacturing business? ; I am doing furniture manufacturing business. How can I expose my business worldwide?How we can make the world a better place by 2030? ; How can we make the world a better place?Which is the most disgusting novel you've ever read? ; What is the most humorous novel you have ever read?Should we remove a remote Git branch after merging to master? ; How do I rectify GIT branches that I have messed up?What are issues of problems facing organization? ; What are some of the issues/problems faced by Pakistan?How can I grow a full beard naturally? ; How can one grow a thick beard at a faster rate?Which is the best mobile phone to buy below 2k? ; What is the best phone to buy below 15k?Where the next financial crisis will come from? Where is the next bubble? ; What's the next bubble?What are some clever names for thrift stores? ; What are some good names for a thrift store business?Who are the strongest Marvel characters and why? ; Why isn't Quicksilver the strongest Marvel character?Where can I learn about reading and understanding the log files in my Mac's Console? ; I have been learning C++ for about 2 months and I have finished the book I was reading. I have written some text based console programs. Where should I go from here?How can I directly get a good job in an MNC with 6 LPA salary if I am currently working in a small company with a 2 LPA salary? ; I am an associate software engineer working in a reputed MNC for the past 10 months earning 3.2 LPA. I am interested in coding and want to get a high paying job in a good company. How can I plan my preparation daily and what should I do to achieve this?What is the IIT, Roorkee cutoff for instrumentation? ; How is MSc. Economics in IIT Roorkee?I received a bone allograft in my foot a week ago. How long must I wait before I can donate blood? ; I just broke a bone in my foot. Is it worth spending $500 to get an ultrasound bone stimulator?Was ancient Chinese civilization more advanced than ancient Indian civilization? ; Was Ancient Greece more advanced than Ancient India or China?Which is the worst Hollywood movie which released between July 2016 and December 2016? ; Which is the best Hollywood movie which released between July 2016 and December 2016?What is mad hatter syndrome and what are its symptoms? ; Is it safe to eat cobia regularly?How can I get financial aid? ; How to get your financial aid back?What is civil services exam? ; What is civil service exam?What is New Zealand like? ; Why is New Zealand called New Zealand?What should I do about this girl I like? ; What should I do with this girl that I liked?What are the requirements for being a civil engineer? ; What are the softwares required for a civil engineer?Where can I see a Lamborghini in Bangalore? ; Can you use a Lamborghini as an everyday car?Why don't US airlines use Tupolev aircrafts? ; Why don't airlines have parachutes for passengers?What are the most famous/popular local products and businesses in Detroit? ; What are the most famous companies/products that came last on a saturated market and achieved to build a monopoly? What did they have in common?If you were guaranteed the answer to one question, what would it be? ; If you could get now instantly and completely guaranteed right and complete answer to ANY of your questions, which one question would you ask?Do some women get turned on by the idea of semen being deposited in their vagina? ; What is a girl's biggest turn off?When should I apply to Harvard MBA? ; When should I apply to Harvard?What Quora user would you most like to have lunch with? ; If you could have lunch with a Quora writer, who would you choose?What are the causes of baggage loss in the airports? ; How is luggage lost?What are some of the best young adult cruises? ; What are the best cruises for young adults?What font has Quora used to replace Georgia? ; What font was introduced to the Quora website and apps in 2016, and why?What is in pepperoni? ; What is pepperoni made of?What is the corporate culture like at Real Industry? How is the culture different than other companies? ; What is the corporate culture like at PPG Industries? How is the culture different than other companies?Why isn't Election Day a national holiday? ; Why doesn't the US hold their elections on a weekend or declare election day to be a holiday?What are the best branches at NIT Jamshedpur? ; Which branch is the best branch of NIT Jamshedpur?Internet Service Providers: Is Hathway good for broadband connection? ; How is Hathway Broadband in Indore?Why would I believe in God? ; Why should I believe in God?Gender Inequality: Why are there seats reserved for women in public transport buses, in India? and how is it fair? ; Why are there seats reserved for women in public transport in India, but not for men?Did Hillary Clinton blame the Benghazi attack on a Youtube video publicly while privately telling those close to her that it was a terrorist act? ; I have an idea that will win Hillary Clinton the nomination. How can I contact her to tell her?What are some reviews of www.wheystar.com? ; What is your review of www.alephti.com?Besides 01 and D2 steel types, what are good knife making metals? ; How can I make a metal crown?How much was John Galliano's salary at Dior? ; What is the salary of an IIT professor?How do I read chemistry better? ; How do I read chemistry?What are the names of the direwolves of the stark children? ; How do children of deaf parents learn their name?How would a Muslim guy possibly be treated in Poland in general, if he becomes a full citizen by naturalization? ; How would women feel if they were asked out by a Muslim who says he believes in God but isn't practicing?What should i do to overcome depression ? ; How do I overcome clinical depression?Which oil is best for loosening my penis foreskin? ; Are any kinds of oil better for loosening compacted ear wax?Do anyone have notes of computer graphics? ; What do computer graphics do?How can I find my lost phone? ; How do I find a lost phone?What type of video is good for uploading in youtube? ; What formats can be used when uploading videos to YouTube?What's the average size of an adult human penis? Does the average vary among people from different continents or ethnic groups? ; Why do people of different ethnicity have different size of penis?Can aluminum be alloyed with steel to make an alloy that resists corrosion but is still fairly strong and lightweight? ; Are gold alloys more corrosion resistant than pure gold?What is sexual assault legally? ; What is it like to be sexually assaulted as a man?Do wasps sting people? ; Do wasps sting? How?Do psychopaths know they are psychopaths? ; How could I know more about psychopaths?Is it racist to notice ignorant things other cultures do and detest them? ; What will a Christian wife do if her husband left her for years?How do you ask a great question? ; How can I ask good questions?What makes a video go viral? ; What does make a video go viral?How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India? ; What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping?Why don't people read books? ; Why don't people read more?Why and how is 0! =1? ; Why is 0! equal to 1?I want to learn how to dance. Where do I start? ; How do I add my face in mini militia?Why doesn't God do anything? ; Can God not be God, if He can do anything?How will it be walking, running and driving on Mars? ; Does running work for losing weight?How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Great Sandy Desert? ; How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Colorado Plateau?1. While traveling from US to India which Airlines allow maximum luggage for an economical class traveler? ; While traveling from US to India which Airlines allow maximum luggage for an economical class traveler?How do I make friends in college? I went to clubs but no one talked to me. ; What is the best way to make new friends in college?Should I buy a new iPhone or wait for the new one? ; Should I wait for the iPhone 7/7s or buy the iPhone 6s/+?What is the best technique for SEO? ; What are the top techniques for SEO?What are the basic lessons that we can learn from Ramayana? ; What life lessons can I learn from the myrtle tree?How can I earn some extra money during weekends in Bangalore? ; What do you guys do for fun during the weekends at Bangalore?What's the best way to get rid of house flies? ; How can I get rid of a huge house fly?What are the best sites to download movies? ; Which best sites to download movies?What are some of the things people in their 20s can do to become more intelligent? ; What activities can I do in my spare time to train my brain and become more intelligent?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Franklin University? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Caltech?What do the lyrics to "Tunak Tunak Tun" mean in English? ; What are the lyrics to Jingle Bells in Spanish? Do the words mean the same in Spanish as they do in English?Is there positive scientific proof for parallel universes? ; Does science have any proof that parallel universes exist?I Dated 5 Girls But made thm sure thy wr all without any comtmnt twrds marriage, NowGettingMarriedToAn AmazingGirl, Karma is HauntingMe, WhatShould Ido? ; How do I immigrate to or get a job in the USA without marriage, knowing that I have qualifications in telecom industries and Idon't have any relatives there.What do the grade shares mean? ; What do an I and an X grade mean?How can one explain the phenomena of climate change denial? ; Is denial of climate change political, economic, religious or none of the above?Is it legal to have sex in your car in India? ; Is sex in car safe in India, is it legal?Can calling your significant other Daddy/Little Girl lead to an unhealthy relationship? ; Dating and Relationships: What does it mean if your significant other sent this message after he wanted to spend time apart: "thanks for your sweet messages, work is tough, I can't handle emotional stress tonight, we can talk at the weekend if you want, sorry for the pain"?My crush starts to talk to me more when I post something about a guy or with a guy. does he like me? ; I was talking with a guy for a while and it was clear we were a "thing". When school started he wouldn't answer my texts and had begun avoiding me. What would be a good way to proceed?What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes? ; What are your views on the decision of Narendra Modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes?How do you reupholster your own car seats? ; What's the best way to reupholster my car interior myself?What are the reviews for microsoft lumia 650? ; What is your review of Microsoft Lumia?How is suicide squad? ; What is your review of Suicide Squad?Is running for 10 minutes on a treadmill almost every day enough for an 18-year-old girl? ; A 47 year old, overweight, unfit man runs for about 10 minutes, spends the next half an hour coughing. Could this be a heart problem?What is the funniest thing you ever said? ; What is the funniest thing anyone has ever said to you?How do I delete Instagram account when you forgot your password and email? ; How can I delete an Instagram account with the password?How to start business on internet? ; How do I start business on internet?Why are Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson called the Splash Brothers? ; NBA Free Agency and Trade Season (Summer 2014): Should the Warriors trade Klay Thompson and David Lee for Kevin Love?Which is the best themed restaurant all over the world? ; What are the best Chinese restaurants in the world?Will reading fine print make your eye crossed for while? ; How do I make Cross Eye 3D images?I got only 94 marks in tier 1 exam. How much I have to score in tier 2 to get a interview post? ; As per the official key, I got 126 in Tier 1 2015. What do I need to score for an inspector post (examiner and custom)?Does life always get better? ; Does life get better as you age?Which is the best university to get trained in cognitive behavioral therapy? ; What type of glass should quality restaurants or hosts use for water according to dining etiquette?To what degree will Bernie Sanders supporters vote for Donald Trump in the general election — assuming Hillary is the Democratic nominee? ; Would Trump supporters vote for Bernie Sanders if he was the Democratic nominee rather than Hillary Clinton?How are we enabled to see the black colour? ; How we could see black colour which has no wavelength?What are some real life examples of Karma? ; What are the best instances and examples of karma?What are Bulova watches like? ; How are Bulova watches made?What is the best joke you've ever heard? Please keep it clean. ; What are some of funniest jokes that you have ever heard?How do we open blocked sites at the workplace? ; How do I get passed blocked sites at school?How do Boeing and Airbus deliver airplanes to buyers? ; Where is the safest spot to sit on a Boeing 747 or Airbus A330?What's the best programming language to learn in 2016? ; What programming language I should learn first?What are the best books on lucid dreaming? ; What are the best resources on lucid dreaming?How often do mutations occur among humans? ; How do mutations occur?What is the remedy for trimmers desease? ; Moto e battery problem?What experience and skills are needed to become an animator at Pixar or DreamWorks? ; Why would someone choose to work at DreamWorks Animation over Pixar?What is a microscope's field of view? ; What is the field of view on a microscope?Will CFA level 1 get me a job? ; What are the job opportunities for a CFA level 1?Smart People: What makes someone "intelligent"? and how can we qualify someone as intelligent? ; What makes someone truly intelligent?Will CounterStrike be replaced by another fps game as THE competitive fps? ; Who invented counter strike?What is the best answer according to you when a recruiter asks "why are you leaving your current company"? ; What are the best answers for "Why you want to leave your current company"?How do we recover deleted files on Android? ; How do I recover deleted files from Android internal memory?Denomzation is good? ; What should be the main idea of a book?What is the function and structure of cholesterol? ; What is the function of cholesterol?I can't get my Samsung Galaxy 7 to connect to my Amazon Echo. Is anyone else having trouble with this? How can I fix it? ; Samsung Galaxy duos won't connect to PC. How do I fix this?How can I track an IP address? ; Can a good hacker track my IP address and my location from my answer on Quora even though I answered it anonymously?What's the best Linux SVG Viewer? ; Which is the best Linux video tutorial?What are the best Web designing company's in USA? ; What Best web design company in USA?Can I do 2 diplomas simultaneously? ; Can l do same year degree and diploma in regular?What is your best experience on Quora? ; What are some of your best experiences on Quora?Why is it so hard to learn a new language? ; How hard is to learn new languages?What movies are similar to Taxi Driver? ; Taxi Driver (1976 movie): Was Travis Bickle lying about being in the Marine Corps and serving in Vietnam?How much will Manoj Bhargava's rain maker cost in the market? ; Why does it rain so much in Peru?What is bestmytest.com? ; What is Flerika.com?Mobile phone which has 13 mp front camera and 5.5 screen display? ; Can a 13 MP camera shoot 4k videos?How much do these sketchbooks weigh? ; September issue analysis?I changed my advisor and department during PhD. How do I show that on my CV as I do want to mention my previous experience? ; I completed my eng with ECE in 2011 now i want to do MS with CS .I have 3 years of experience in IT as a java developer .Now am confusing how to write mt SOP to univ's .I need to mention the reason to change my stream? And i also i need to mention my my job exp in SOp as well as LOR's?How do I get ripped in 3 months? ; How do I get ripped in 5 weeks?Electrical Engineering: Why is India's frequency maintained in 50 Hz only? ; What are the advantages and disadvantages of a 50 Hz and a 60 Hz power supply? Why do countries prefer either of the frequencies?Does success in life get rid of existential angst? ; What is the meaning of existential angst?How do I teach the difference between molar mass and relative atomic/molecular mass? ; What is the molar mass of atomic oxygen and molecular oxygen?Which is the best hindi movie in 2016? ; What is the best Bollywood movie of 2016?Did someone from Titanic actually gamble for a 3rd class ticket? ; How do I get hobby lobby coupon 40% OFF Online?What advantages do women have that men don't? ; Why don't men cry just as women do?As a third year btech student what should I do to start preparing for ias exam? ; I am in first year. In which direction should I start my preparation to clear for IAS exam?What are some examples of yellow journalism? ; What is an example of yellow journalism?Why did Michael Jackson always tape his fingers? ; Who inspired Michael Jackson to come up with his unique dance style?How do you override a Honeywell thermostat? ; How can I unlock a Honeywell thermostat?How do I solve the following problem in measure theory ? ; How do I prove the following measure theory problem?Why does China as 3rd military power in the world just have 1 aircraft carrier? ; What are the world's most powerful aircraft carriers?What are the reasons behind the poor performance of India in Olympics? ; What are reason for india's poor performance in olympic games?Fellatio: What is it like to give a blowjob? ; Can I get pregnant if after giving him a blowjob and wiping my hands I touch my clit to masturbate?What does the industry expect from a computer engineering fresher? ; Are there any chances that Berlin will be reconstructed as it was before WW2?How tall will I be right now I just turned 14 about 2 weeks ago and I'm 6'0? ; How well can you predict a child's (adult) height from information about their parents?How can improve my English speaking? ; What is the best way to improve my spoken English soon?How is it possible to disable FaceTime's "End Call" button? ; Does FaceTime work in China?Other than the Sun and Moon rising in the East and setting in the West, what is the evidence that the Earth rotates? ; Why would a guy delete a girl off Facebook who confessed him her feelings ?What is RabbitMQ? ; What is RabbitMQ software?Can cars run on water, like Stanley Meyer and some Australians claimed? ; Why don't we have cars that run on water?What are some mind blowing bike inventions technology that most people don't know about? ; What are some mind-blowing bike inventions that exist that most people don't know about?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Carter County KY? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Robertson County KY?What should I do for my 16th birthday as a male? ; What should I do for my 16th birthday?How do capitalism and communism differ from each other? ; How are capitalism and communism different from each other?What is the new Quora font (August 16, 2016)? ; Why was the default Quora android app font changed?What is a good name for a business case solving team? ; How do I solve a business case study properly?My sibling lives with me and my husband rent-free. What are reasonable expectations from her in terms of household chores? ; What does a girl expect from her future husband?What is a list of important derivations of physics class 11 CBSE? ; What is a list of important derivations of Chemistry Class 11?Is the world gonna end on October 31 2016? ; Is it the end of the world October 31?How is Jesus' life a metaphor? ; Is Jesus a metaphor?How can I get a blue check mark on instagram? ; What are the blue reflectors on the street? What purpose do they serve?How can I make your and my life better? ; What can I do to make your life better?Which countries were involved in the scramble for Africa? ; What if Quora were a country?Are non living sub atomic particles conscious? ; Physics: Are cells made up of atoms? If so, what differentiates us from non living things?How can I make my resume in japanese? ; How do I make a resume?Why does the US allow employers to fire sick employees, even those with doctor's notes? ; Why is it employers can fire someone and they leave the same day, yet employees are professionally obligated to give a 2 week notice?Why do people still believe the world is flat? ; Why do some people today still believe that the Earth is flat? What evidence has convinced them that this is so?What's the difference between a conductor and an insulator? ; What is significant difference between an insulator and a conductor is?What is the best digital camera on the market? ; Which is the best digital camera on the market?Which is the best market to sell manipulated photos? ; Why cant scientists replicate the conditions for life to form in the laboratory?I want to start a blog website in India, Mumbai. What points should I consider? ; I want to start a blog website. What points should I consider?What are some tips for someone attending a hackathon for the first time? ; What are some first date tips?How will Donald Trump end gang stalking? ; Will Obama's gang stalking/surveillance program be exposed by the Donald Trump administration?How do I sell my kidney and how much can I get for it? Is it legal? ; If I ask you to donate me some money for my kidney transplant, how much would you donate?Question That Contains Assumptions: Why do good people suffer and evil people enjoy? ; Why do horrible and evil people never suffer in life?How do you know you have a crush? ; How do you know you have a crush on someone?What are some natural obligations of prairie dogs? ; What are some natural obligations of beavers?How should I begin learning Python? ; What are some tips for learning python?Why does Ichigo have hollow powers? ; Who is more powerful, Ichigo or Luffy? Why?What do you think of natasha malkova? ; How does a lung transplant help cystic fibrosis?How did you ruin your life? ; How could someone effectively ruin their own life?How safe is it to browse the dark web? ; Is the dark web safe to browse?What is the intuitive explanation of Extreme Gradient Boosting? ; What is an intuitive explanation of Gradient Boosting?What is one thing you want to do before you die? ; What do you want to accomplish before you die?What are some good examples of B2B Ad Landing Pages? ; What are the best examples of B2B landing pages?How do you ask a friends mom to spank you? ; How do I ask my bestfriends mom to spank me?What is the Japanese word for "welcome"? ; What is the Japanese word for "have"?Which University in UK is the best to study civil engineering? ; What are the best universities in the UK to study marine biology?How long does it take to open a savings bank account in ICICI bank? ; Which bank opens free account?Is fajardo, PR safe? ; Is superpharmameds safe?Can you be forgiven for blasphemy of the Holy Spirit? ; Do God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit live in separate bodies?Is drinking milk good if I am aiming for fat loss by maintaining a low calorie diet? Also is it advisable to drink milk before a workout? ; Is drinking cow milk at night good for fat loss?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Rockwell Medical Tech? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Rockwell Automation?Why are infographics important in SEO? ; Why is video SEO important?Why do I get hiccups every time I eat spicy food? ; How do Indian parents train their children to eat spicy food?Can you feed pork rib bones to dogs? ; Can you feed venison bones to dogs?How can I get a time to study apart from my office? ; I don't have one. BUT, FUCK DONALD TRUNP?Can I make a good body working out at home instead of going to gym? ; What are good ways to work out in the gym as a woman?How much do TV ads cost in India on average for 30secs? ; How much does a late-night tv ad cost?What is the best monitor to play videos trough USB drive? ; What is the best video game?Which book is best for mechanism? ; Which book is the best book for static mechanics?When is the next hearing on triple talaq case in supreme court India? ; As a first time dropper which batch should i choose alchievers last batch or leader last batch at allen kota for neet 2017?Coal cosmetic Moisturizer? ; What is the method of using activated charcoal to pass drug test at any given time?What is license raj (in India)? ; What is the License Raj?What is the best method of losing weight? ; What are the best simple ways to loose weight?How can I keep the peace of mind? ; How do I find peace of mind?What is the role of the activation function in a neural network? ; Can Neural Networks perform well on the task of Function Approximation?Which high school class prepared you most for life? ; What is Papertronics? What are its applicationsWhy do such words like hour and honest have silent h? ; Aisle is a funny word. It has five letters and three are silent. What are some other examples of bizarre words in English?What is Omoto.io? ; What is jask.io?What are the differences between mass and weight? ; What I s the difference between mass and weight?In which episodes of Oggy and the Cockroaches almost happened bad with cockroaches? ; Should you leave your career for your husband?What's the best bank in Sweden? ; What is the best mobile operator in Sweden?How do you find timeshare presentations? ; What is a timeshare presentation?Can you explain the darwin's correction in fine structure of hydrogen atom? ; IHave 500 songs with no data what app can fix it automatically?What are the laws involved in child birth on an international flight? ; Which citizenship will a child get if it gets delivered mid air during an international flight?How can I locate a person using a cell phone number? ; Is it possible to determine a persons location by the cell phone number? Why?Where do I get solutions to FIITJEE phase tests? ; Are FIITJEE phase tests subjective?Do dentists earn more than other doctors? ; Do dentists earn more than other doctors? Why?Who are the rich? ; Who do the rich bank with?Which soap available in India has TFM greater than or equal to 76% and are Grade-1 soaps? ; Are Indian soaps good to watch or not? Why?Do you like to skydiving? ; What does it feel like to skydive?I want to share my feelings as I can find no one to share with. I'm in deep depression. Will you listen? ; I want to share my feelings as I can find no one to share with. I'm under deep depression. Will you listen?Websites: What is the best dating site? ; Which is the best online dating site to use?Can you use Vanilla Visa on Amazon? ; What are the benefits of an Amazon Visa card?What is the importance of sociology of education to a teacher and why? ; What is the importance of teachers in society?What is the full form of DC in Washington DC? ; In Washington DC, what is the full form of DC?How did my blog get a page view from the USA instantly after posting my first post? ; What is the best way to get traffic on your blog? SEO, SMM, PR, etc?What is the best sports car to buy for around $125k? ; What is the best car to buy for around $200K USD?Who do you think would win the 2016 USA Election? ; Who do you think will win the 2016 Presidential Election?Why is Raghu Ram so stupid? ; Who is the wife of Raghu Ram from Roadies?What are the most favorable conditions for the HIV virus to activate after entering our bodies? ; Is HIV a virus or a bacteria?What is the difference between diagnosis and prognosis? ; What is Stuart Scott's prognosis?How long have you been without masturbation? ; How long have you went without masturbation?Which is the best TV series you have ever watched? ; Which are the best TV series to watch?How do I get someone Facebook password? ; Can I get someone's Facebook password?How does one move from the UK to the US? ; How can I move from the UK to America?I am an Indian, I want to move to Greenland. I will go on a tourist visa and will never come back, what would you advise? ; What Thai tourist visa do I need if I want to go to Siem Reap for 2 days after a stop in Bangkok and again come back with a day or 2 in Phuket? Do I need to take visa-on-arrival 2 times? What is the cost?Is there one god or many? ; If there is one God then why there are so many religions?What does it feel like to have sex with a man if you are (or were) a straight man? ; What is it like to be a straight man who had had sex with another man?Where can I buy very incredible and most amazing cupcakes in Gold Coast? ; Where can I get an unique taste for cupcakes in Gold Coast?What is the biggest facepalm moment you have ever experienced during an examination? ; What is 10 12 and graduation percentage criteria for iim a b c.?Can I use PTE instead of IELTS to apply for canadian PR? ; How do you convert a PTE score to IELTS?Have you ever seen Modi in person? ; How is it to meet Narendra Modi?Where can I find best hotels at Ranikhet? ; How do I find the best hotels in Ranikhet?Can data travel faster than the speed of light? ; What happens if you travel faster than the speed of light?How is aeronautical engineer in Hindustan University, Chennai? ; How is aeronautical engineering in Hindustan university Chennai?Do you believe that everything is predestined and happens for a reason? ; Does everything happen for a reason?What would Karl Marx's ideal government look like? ; What ISM is Karl Marx associated with, and why?How does economy of India get affected by bannig 500,1000 rupee notes? ; How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes?Does penis size really matter during sex? ; Does penis size really matter? (and) What is the size of your penis?What is the best way to have a clean stomach in the morning? ; What is the best way to get bowel movements in the morning?Which is the ancient education system in India? ; How was the ancient education system of india?Is it possible for men to have two penises? ; What is abort?Is it true that the average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it? ; How can I make a chocolate bar taste better?What would life be like on earth if we had two moons? ; What would happen if Earth had two moons?How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Antigua and Barbuda's? ; How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Algeria's?What are the "must see" documentaries? ; What are some must-see scientific documentaries?How long does it take to get an offer? ; How long does it take to get an offer at netflix?Will I lose weight by only drinking water? ; Couldn't we lose weight just by drinking ice cold water?Why do some people believe they lived a past life? ; Who lives a better life, believer of God or nonbeliever?Will and how can Blackberry make a comeback? ; Is Blackberry making a comeback?What are some good 300 horsepower cars under $10,000? ; What is the most attractive car for under $10,000?What is the endocrine system? ; What is endocrine system?How is the movie MS Dhoni untold story? ; Is the film MS Dhoni, The Untold story worth watching?What percent of people can survive a direct hit to the head from a Desert Eagle 50AE? ; Can I survive A 50 AE Desert eagle hit in The head at close range?How can someone realise someone else had sex last night? ; Iam in 9 th grade. Iam studying in fiitjee.iam selected to the top batch for iit preparation. How can i plan the day for better iit rank.How do I transfer mobile phone balance to bank account? ; How can I check my bank account balance through my phone?What is the Democratic Party stance on education? ; What is the Democratic Party stance on energy?What are the best ways to study biology? ; What are good ways to study biology?How did Donald trump win the elections? ; How and Why did Donald Trump win the election?What could be the effect of GST bill on Indian economy? ; What is going to be the impact of the GST on the Indian economy and finance?What is the most expensive wine, and why? ; What is the most expensive wine in the world?What it feels like to be very old and thinking that you'll die with in few years? ; What is it like to know that you'll die soon, as in being very elderly?Do American teens, especially ladies, feel confident in going to schools in revealing outfits? ; What happens when you put any metal utensil in the microwave? Do you have any video of the same?What are the advantages and disadvantages of Dc series motor? ; What are the advantages and disadvantages of a DC series motor and its application?What is the difference between Type A and Type B NFC? ; Which type of driver is more difficult to develop for NFC (near-field communication)? ISO/IEC 14443 Type A or Type B?What are government jobs for mechanical engineer? ; Which are best government jobs for mechanical engineer?Do Anti-Virus companies create Virus to stay in buisness? ; Do anti-virus companies write viruses to create business for themselves?How do you fix a packet loss? ; How do you stop packet loss?Which is the college accepting cat scores in lucknow ? ; Which is the best college offer animation course in Lucknow?My Current Bike is Hero Honda Passion Plus (2008) should I buy KTM Duke 390 As My Next Bike? ; What are the effective way to manage refugee?Can I make 40,000 a month playing poker online? ; Can I make 50,000 a month playing poker?As the owner of an iPhone 4S on contract with Verizon, is there any Android phone I can purchase without a contract? ; As the owner of an iPhone 4S on contract with Verizon, is there any Windows Phone I can purchase without a contract?What is your review of the MadeEasy Postal study course? ; Which postal course should I choose for civil engineering to crack the GATE 2016? What is the best test series for the GATE?Did the USA need to nuke Japan in WW2? ; What were the alternatives to the atomic bombs during WW2?How long is viral sore throat contagious? ; Is it normal to have sore throat since 2 months?What culture shocks have you experienced? ; What are some of the cultural shocks that you have experienced in your travels?What surrounds the organs in the abdomen? ; My chest and abdomen are narrow , what to do to improve them?Why is Manaphy so whiny? ; What is an unusual sexual technique that guarantees orgasm for women?Why do a song goes on playing in mind especially during exams? ; When I ask a question on Quora, if I need to add details it won't let me because it's too long. Is there a way around this?Who will win the next 2019 general elections in India? ; Who will win 2019 elections in India?What is the difference between () and [] in Python? ; What is the difference between /= and //= in Python?What is a boobsize? ; Why hasn't my sunburn faded yet?What is the meaning of life in only one word.? ; What is the meaning of life in only one word?What's the first thing you do after you wake up? ; What is the first thing you think when you wake up in morning?Can I deactivate my Facebook account and still use messenger? ; How visible is your Facebook account after you deactivate it?What are my chances of getting into a Ivy League? ; Do I have chances of getting into an Ivy League?What is a garbage collector? ; What does it feel like to be a garbage collector?What is the best dry dog food brand for picky eaters? ; What brand of dry cat food is most popular with picky eaters?What are some startup ideas for India? ; What are the best ideas for Startup in India?How do I take control on masturbation? ; How can one stop masturbation?Who is winning Clinton or trump? ; Who's going to win and become president, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?What is Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya? ; What is it like to study at Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya?The probability is 2/3 that Mr. A will pass exam and probability is 3/4 that Mr. B will pass the exam.find probability only one will pass the exam? ; A set A has 4 elements and another set B has 3 elements. What is the probability that a relation from A to B will be onto?How do I play Pokémon GO in Korea? ; How do I play Pokémon GO in China?What is the most impressive joke you've ever heard or read? ; What is the funniest joke you've ever heard or read?What is the best used car to get under 5k? ; What's the best used car for under 5k?Does masturbation affect bodybuilding or muscle growth? ; Does Genetics affect Muscle growth, compactness, and strength? If yes how is it inherited?How can I increase traffic to my website using social media? ; How can I increase website traffic?How many requests can a server handle at any given point of time? What are the factors that influence it? ; What parameters decide how many requests a server can handle?Can you bleach dyed hair? If so, how? ; What are some tips for bleaching black hair?Let's say I have an architecture project worth funding, how do I get it funded? ; If I invest 50 thousand rupees in a mutual fund today when its NAV is 100, how much will I get if, let's say, its NAV is 220 10 years later?How is suicide squad? ; What is the Suicide Squad?Is it shameful…? ; What metrics to look out for, when selecting mutual fund?What exactly is the most important thing in life? ; In the end, what seems to be the most important things in life?What are the good novels to read for CAT preparation? ; What are the best novels to read while preparing for the CAT?Where does NASA get its funding? ; What do NASA staff think about ISRO?What kind of drink is a bear fight? ; Texas (state): What do Texans drink?Who backs the insurance for Metromile? ; How is Metromile doing as of the fourth quarter of 2014?How do you measure elasticity of demand? ; How do you calculate elasticity of demand?What is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017? ; What is your new year resolution?What is average time to do MS and PhD in turkey? In field of engineering ; What is average time to do MS and PhD in Malaysia in field of engineering?What topics have recognized topic biographies? What are the rules about topic-specific bios? ; Should I set a Short Bio and Topic-Specific Bios? Why or Why not?Why do English lawyers use wigs and continue to do so to this day? ; Why do British lawyers and judges wear wigs in the courtroom?What are the safety parameters of north east India if one needs to travel there as a tourist? ; I would like to visit North East India. Can somebody tell me about this region (please do not spam me with links of travel plans or itineraries)?What is the best compliment that a teacher gave you? ; What is the best/sweetest/most memorable compliment a lover ever gave you?What is Adempiere’s Architecture? ; What is Architecture about?What is the most important thing in your life and why? ; What is the most important thing to have in life?How many tampons can you put in at once? ; How do you put a tampon in?How Indian economy got affected after ban of 500 1000 notes? ; What would be the effect on the Indian economy after banning 500 and 1,000 notes?What is the ideal reading speed? ; What is ideal reading speed?Where can I get Painting services in Brisbane? ; Where can I get expert house painting service in Brisbane?What is a democratic constitutional republic? ; Why Goods train allowed to pass rather than express train?What weird food combinations do you eat? ; What are the rarest and simplest food combinations to eat?What is the difference between monitor headphones and reference headphones? ; What's the difference between monitors and reference headphones?Can God create a rock so big that even he cannot lift it? ; Can God make a stone so heavy that He can't lift it?What is it like to work in the finance team at Apple? ; Is working at Apple fun?Why do children wear their shoes on the wrong feet? ; Do Americans wear outdoor-shoes inside their homes as portrayed in tellies/movies? Don’t they maintain indoor slippers/shoes like Asians or others?How can I leave a group on telegram? ; If you had 1 lakh rupees everyday but whatever you buy from that 1 lakh destroys/disappears the next day, how would you spend this money?Do shipping containers get scanned for human life? ; Is there any reason to scan shipping containers for human life?What is the nicest thing a stranger has done for you? ; What's the nicest thing you've done for a stranger?What is the best torrent meta-search engine? ; What's the best torrent meta search engine that also searches Demonoid?Where should I travel in Australia if I have two weeks? ; What is your review of Visiting and Travel in Australia?How can I get VAT/TIN in Rajasthan to sell online? ; How do I get VAT/TIN in Karnataka to sell online?I have a query about ordering from AliExpress and customs in India. Do I require an import-export customs license while buying bulk items from AliExpress? How do I pay custom duties? ; If I buy clothes from a Chinese website with free shipping, will it involve custom duties as well? What would be custom duties for a $15 item in India?What is it like inside a Poké Ball? ; Has Pikachu ever been inside a Poké Ball after joining Ash?How can I improve my social life? ; How do I fix my social life?Why can't I convince my parents to buy me a MacBook? ; How can I convince my parents to buy me an iPhone ?What is the difference between context and content? ; What is the difference between content and happiness?How does it feel to be a pornstar? ; How it is like to be a pornstar?How do I delete Quora account? ; How do I unsubscribe and delete my Quora account?When making a new drink product to be sold in stores or online, can the base ingredients be from existing products or how do you source otherwise? ; Why a.r. rehman keep distance from women?What is the job of an IES? ; What kind of jobs I can get on writing IES?What is the difference between CFL and tube light? ; Whic gas used in tubes light?What are some of the best Hindi short films? ; What are some worth watching hindi short films on youtube?How can I convert Right Ascension and declination of a galaxy to distances in parsecs or any other common form? ; Why do many spiral galaxies form a bar in the center?What was the best book that changed your life? ; What is the best book that has changed your life?What are common issues interior designers have when buying furniture? ; Funny art of secrets?Where does the expression "good man the laaltain" come from? And what does it mean? ; What does the expression, "Child is the Father of Man" actually mean?How can I find out the name history of an Instagram user? ; How do I recover a hacked instagram?Why do I sweat more when I'm trying really hard to hold in my pee? ; Where do girls pee from?What does the sequence of story viewers on Instagram mean? ; If I have someone blocked on Instagram, and view their story, can they see I viewed it?Why do girls hate funny guys? ; Why do girls like funny guys?What are the best hotels for unmarried couples in Guwahati? ; I want to stay with my girlfriend in one room in Patna for 2 days and nights. Where can I find a hotel which allows non-married couples without any risk at the cheapest price?How do I learn web development as quickly as possible? ; What are good ways to learn how to improve web development?How does DNA fit inside the cell nucleus? ; I need to make a working model on any topic of chemistry only (not physics or biology) for class 12th. What are some ideas?How can we transfer phone contacts from one Android tablet to another Android mobile without using any computer or laptop? ; How do I transfer contacts from one SIM to another?How many wars have India fought with its neighbours since independence and what was the outcomes? ; How was the nuclear war that was fought in india in ancient time?What is a "Time Well" in physics? ; In physics, why is there no negative time?What should I ask my client when building a website? ; What questions do you ask clients that need a website?Which American restaurant chains can be found in Norway? What do Norwegian people think of them ; What American restaurant chains are found in Norway?What is the best laptop in 20k? ; What is the best laptop I could buy under 20k?How did Lord Ram die? ; How did rama die?How do I learn architectural sketching? ; What is the best way to learn architecture?What universities does Stage Stores recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Store Capital recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?What are the advantages of intensive cultivation? ; What is intensive farming? What are its advantages and disadvantages?Do people ask those questions on Quora which they ask from themselves often? ; Why do people ask  questions about  other people on Quora?What steps must a person as an administrator and as a citizen take to tackle corruption in India? ; What I can do for corruption free India?How do you get over the social stigma of recreational marijuana? ; Will I be able to use WhatsApp calling if I buy a phone from Dubai?When two people try to sing the same note, are they matching phase, or just frequency? ; Can two people play a song with the same gear and make it sound EXACTLY the same way?Why do drivers flash their high beams at you? ; Why don't they put the headlight high beam switch on the floor any more?Why is economic freedom in America important? ; Why was economic freedom important to the founders?Will mhtcet engineering happen in 2017? ; Will MHTCET happen in 2017?Why is my period 11 days late and how probable is it that I'm pregnant? ; My period is 10 days late. Am I pregnant?Can we make a 3D printer that prints bullets? Can those bullets be fed into a gun automatically? ; What are some cool first prints with a 3D printer?Was the Republic battle fleet destroyed along with the Republic planets by Starkiller Base in Star Wars: The Force Awakens? ; What planets did Starkiller Base destroy in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?Which is the best camera phone? ; Which is the best camera quality Phone?What do men think is the best hairstyle on women? ; What are the best Hairstyles for Men?What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Nigeria? ; What are some major social faux pas to avoid when visiting Sudan?Which is the best state to live in India? ; Which is the best state within India and why?What are the best books for power system? ; Which is the best book for power system and control system engineering?I want to get my articles published in newspapers like The Hindu and The Times of India. To whom should I send my works? Whom can I contact? ; How do I approach Marathi newspapers if you want your article/editorials to be published?Can someone give me proper piano notes for Laag Ja gale. the one on net is not proper? ; Why do we or why is Remembrance Day acknowledged?Should I take mass gainer? ; When do I take mass gainers?How does one get over anxiety? ; What should one do to get cured if anxiety?What are all the outside vendors interior designers need to work with? ; Do I need an interior design to flip houses?How can I prepare for AIPMT without any coaching classes? ; Can we prepare for NEET without attending any coaching class?What is outsourced product development? ; When should a startup outsource product development?Should I give a shy girl my number or should I ask for her number? ; Ask a girl out if you dont have her number or see her often?Why is it that every time I ask Quora a question, it tells me to edit it, proofread it, or check its grammar? ; Why does Quora ask me to edit every question I ask?Do any animals other than humans commit suicide because of emotional issues? ; Do animals commit suicide or is this uniquely a human trait?How many oceans are there on Earth? What are their names? ; What would happen if the Earth stopped rotating?Is Malaysia a Islamic country or an Islamic State? ; Is Malaysia an Islamic country?How can you determine the molecular formula of hydrogen? ; What is the molecular formula of hydrogen, and how can it be represented?Is it possible to retrieve an old conversation transcript from Kik Messenger? ; How can I meet people on Kik Messenger?Why do "entrepreneurs," with little or no funding, think that their key engineering hire would accept a position for equity stakes as small as 1% rather than a reasonable 10-50%? ; In India, which factor influences most before a person joins a startup (funding it has received, founding team, position you will be hired, salary+equity you will get, no. of employees, etc.)?How can I meet Dr dre? ; How did The D.O.C meet Dr. Dre?What is the best thing you have ever done for others? ; What is the best thing you have ever done?Did matter exist before the big bang? ; Did the void exist before the Big Bang?How much an average human mind can store information? ; How much information can human brain store?Are these videos on YouTube about fake images of earth from NASA true? ; Are these videos on Youtube about fake images of Earth from NASA true or not?Is the definition of a media business any business which derives its income from advertising? ; How do I advertise small business free?What is the conclusion of the movie Before we go? ; What is the explanation for the ending of the movie Before We Go?What is an intuitive explanation of a scheme? ; What is an intuitive explanation of projective schemes?What are the minimum living expenses per month in Dubai for a software engineer? ; What are the minimum living expenses per month in Dubai for a student?Is there any country that could annex another country and survive the repercussions? ; Can a nation become an empire at this modern era?I haven't been accepted to any university in my gap year. Is it OK to write an application essay describing this as my greatest hardship? ; What makes an extraordinary college application essay?What do you think about Modi government banning 500 & 1000 currency note from 9th November? ; Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?Where should I look for the best car hire services in Dubai? ; Which company offers the best car hire service in Dubai?Is water really incompressible? ; Is water virtually incompressible?How are DNA methylation and histone acetylation related to epigenetics? ; What causes DNA methylation and histone acetylation?How do I plan a trip to Antarctica? ; Are there any plans for Antarctica's future in sustainability?Why did the Bantu migration occur? ; How did the Bantu migration occur?Will Bernie Sanders supporters now support Jill Stein? ; Why have Bernie Sanders supporters not rallied around Jill Stein?How can I motivate myself to keep going instead of failures? ; How do I motivate myself to keep running?How can I apply pan card with initial in surname or last name for reprinting my pan card? ; How do I apply for PAN Card?Wiggling finger in front of computer creates frames? ; Why is there a temporary relief for your joint pains when you crack your fingers?It bothers me to see a black man with a white woman but it does not bother me to see a white man with a black woman. Why might this bother me? ; Would you come to jamaica to date a black man like me?What is the difference between multivariable calculus and multivariate calculus? ; What are the differences between single and multivariable calculus?How can I increase my breast size naturally if I'm a B cup? ; How do I increase breast size and shape naturally?Why does the sun rise in the the East and set in the West? ; Where exactly does the sun rise?Where do I download torrents from, since Pirate Bay and Kickass are both down? ; Are there any hidden or obfuscated torrent sites, like The Pirate Bay or Kickass Torrents, on the TOR or I2P anonymous networks?Is there a school student union in India? ; How does it feel to do Mining Engineering at IIT?Is it better to subscribe "the Hindu" or read the online paper for UPSC as i stay at abroad? ; I want to detect the chords change in some songs, what instrument should I focus on, since some instruments only play melodies?What is the best way to lose weight in a month? ; How do I lose weight in 1 months?Why do people have sex with prostitutes? ; Should I have sex with a prostitute?What do you think they are doing in heaven now? ; What do you think is "Hell"?How can I easily pass the hard Oracle 1Z0-523 exam? ; How can I easily prepare for the Oracle 1Z0-432 exam?Z=(1^2) - (2^2) + (3^2) - (4^2) +...- (2998^2) + (2999^2). What is the value of Z? ; What is the value of (1+2^1/2) ^2?What documents are required for newly married girl applying for fresh passport in india? ; I applied online for a fresh passport. The address I submitted is different than the address mentioned in all of my documents. Is that an issue?Is it legal for a country to kill people that trespass its borders illegaly? ; Which buissness I can start with 50k and earn 50k every month 8n India?Why should I learn C language? ; Should I learn C?Is Manipal University a fraud? ; Does Manipal University's hostel have a mess?Which is the best institute for a distance MBA in India? Why? ; Which is the best university to do distance MBA in India?How do I get a transfer within TCS? ; Can I get job in TCS easily?What Harvard University does with its huge endowment? ; How does a university go about starting an endowment fund from scratch?What are some reasons your cat might meow constantly? ; What are the reasons why my cat is meowing non-stop?If MIT is asking me to give information about my finances for financial aid, does it means that I have been accepted? ; Is it ok if my partner wants to talk about someone else doing me and dating me while having phone sex? Does it mean that he does not love me as he is not possessive about me?Are people in Scandinavian countries hostile towards Indian immigrants? ; What is the immigration rate from Scandinavian countries? What are some reasons why people leave their home country?What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Tohoku earthquake in 2011? ; What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Banda Sea earthquake in 1938?Can wizards and witches in Harry Potter use Magic without a wand? ; Is it possible to use spells without a wand in Harry Potter universe?In DC's Legends of Tommorrow, why didn't Rip Hunter kill Vandal Savage in Season 1 Episode 5 "Fail-Safe"? ; In Legends of tomorrow, Why don't they just get back in time to when Vandal Savage was a kid and just kill him?Which are the best gym for beginners in BTM Layout? ; Which is the best gym for beginners in BTM Layout?Is the United States a Republic or a Democracy? ; Is the United States a true democracy or a republic?What is the difference between INFJ-T and INFJ-A? ; What book should every INFJ read?Which are best places to visit in GOA during vacations? ; Which are the best places in Goa to visit alone?Is Illuminati a real theory? ; Are the Illuminati real or just drama?What resources can I use if I want to get a career in formal verification? ; I sold a company for 100 million USD. I live in California, and the companies are registered in Delaware. How much do I keep after tax?What is the way to cook brown rice? ; What is the fastest way to cook brown rice?My phone doesn't have auto focus function integrated with it's camera. Is there any way I can get the auto focus function, like maybe through an app? ; I have a Nikon D5200. The auto focus lamp is not working since yesterday. Is there any settings for that?What is the significance of stage directions for theatrical dramas? ; What is the best drama school in the UK?What are the problems in the agricultural sector of India? ; What went wrong with agriculture sector in india?What is the difference between hardness and stiffness? ; What are the differences between Hardness, Toughness and stiffness?How can I have more casual sex in India? ; What is the best way to have casual sex in India?Which is the best franchise business? ; What is the best franchise business?How do I get more coins in 8 ball pool miniclip? ; How can I earn 8 ball pool cash?Politics of the Philippines: Why do people assume anti-American activists are instantly hypocrites just because they own a few American brands? ; Who was the worst political candidate in American history?Why won't Quora let me delete my question or edit the extra details? ; How do I delete a Quora question?What's the best poem you've written? ; What is some of the best poetry you have written?What are some of the most moving pictures you have ever seen? ; What is the most emotional picture you've ever seen?Has anyone tried PinPinterest.com? ; Has anyone tried Nelat.com?How can I switch off from work? ; What is a good way of switching off after work?HOW CAN I WATCH INDIAN TV CHANNELS FOR FREE IN USA? ; How can one watch Indian TV channels in the USA?What should I eat to gain weight? ; How can I gain weight?Is Spotify the next Napster? ; What is the history of Napster?What is the literal meaning behind "Merry Christmas?" ; Will you be annoyed when someone says Happy Holiday instead of Merry Christmas to you?What is the effect of Trump's presidency on US green card backlogs? ; How will the H1-B visa process change due to a Trump presidency?Which is the best book for learning Python 3 for absolute beginners? ; Which is the best book for learning python for absolute beginners on their own?Why am I afraid of pain? ; Why am I afraid of telling my boyfriend I love him?Is home an asset or a liability? ; Is your house an asset or a liability?What do you think of the allegation that the DNC planned a sexually tinged fake Trump job posting on craigslist? ; What percent of Craigslist postings are fake?What job opportunities do the colorblind have in the U.S. Air Force? ; Will I be able to join the U.S. Air Force with GED and 27 college credits and a 51 on the ASVAB?How many atoms are there in the Universe? ; How many particles are there in the universe?Can I download WWE 2k 16 for Android? ; Can I play FIFA 16 on my android tablet offline?Will the i3 6100 bottleneck the GTX 750 or GTX 1050? ; Will AMD A8 7600 Bottleneck GTX 1050?How can I increase my sperme count? ; How do I increase sperm count?What is the way to increase the height at the age of 21 years? ; Can anyone increase their height at the age of 21 or 21+?What is the difficulty level of the SBI PO exam? ; What are some tricks to crack the SBI PO exam?Why do some people get angry? ; Why do some people cry when they get angry?How is the word 'perceive' used in a sentence? ; How is the word 'ingratiate' used in a sentence?How can I know if she likes me or not? ; How do I know if she likes me?How was South America discovered? ; When was South America discovered and by whom?What shall I do to become a successful freelancer? ; How can one become a successful freelancer?What are the mission differences between an Army Ranger and Special Forces? ; What is the difference between the U.S. Army Rangers and the U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Berets)?Tax Evasion: How do you hide cash income from the IRS and deposit it without putting up red flags so to speak? ; Tax Evasion: Will the IRS be able to catch me if I do not report my income as a landlord?Why is the symbol for Java a mug of coffee? ; What is the reason behind the Java logo being a cup of coffee?What are the questions you should ask to a CEO of a big company? ; What are the top 5 questions to ask a startup CEO candidate?Does auto zone do battery installation? ; What is production cost of a power bank?Can 2700 mg of lithium be an overdose? ; Can you get an overdose for eating too many mushrooms?What happened to Tmartn? ; What happened to Papercuts777?When I post a question on Quora, am I expected to play a more active curation role for that question? ; Are Quora question authors expected to curate their questions?Why is Hydrogen combustible? ; Why is hydrogen so combustible?How do I pay for an item on flipkart.com since I don't have an Indian credit card? ; Which Indian shopping websites accept international credit cards?What are the pro’s and con’s of being an American student who goes to Germany for a free Graduate School education? ; What are the best perks of going to university in Germany, as an American?What are some of the most colorful birds? ; What are some interesting facts about birds?If you voted for Donald Trump, why did you vote for him? ; Why did you specifically vote for Donald Trump?Can I retrieve deleted text messages? ; How do I retrieve deleted messages on what's app?Did Father McKenzie kill Eleanor Rigby? ; Who is the father of metal?How many of you still make butter at home? ; How do you make butter at home?I have seen porn stars lick the asshole of the partner they will be doing. Isn't that disgusting? How do you eat food afterwards? ; Who are famous MILF porn stars?I a male and not gay my friend took me to a Pakistani gay bar my drink must have been drugged, when I woke up I was naked what will they do to me? ; My friend took me to a gay Pakistani bar my drink must ave been drugged when I woke up I was naked in bed what will they do to me im male?What is Kaufmich.com? ; What is flixcart.com?What is Kim Guldberg's job? ; What has Kim Guldberg studied?Beverages: Which is better, tea or coffee? ; Beverages: Why do you prefer tea or coffee?What should I do to become a top writer on Quora? ; What should I do to become a Top Writer on Quora in 2017?What is the "Anaar ke chilke ka totka " of GD Vasistha for debt returning? ; How much return one can expect in debt fund?What are the most popular applications using TitanDb? ; What is some of the most popular software to use to learn to write Java?Which is the best sex site? ; What is the best sex sites for women, and why?What's the meaning of the Steely Dan song "Dirty Work"? ; Why does the band Steely Dan elicit a love vs. hate kind of response in listeners? Are they considered a controversial band?What marketing techniques should follow sole indie game developer? ; Why and how is Russia being accused of hacking the US presidential elections?What is the best revenge I can take with my wife and her lover? ; How do I claim business expenses?What is the best way to minimize Temperature Inversion? ; What are the solutions for Temperature Inversion?What is the most common mental illness? ; What is the most common self-diagnosed mental illness?How is cleavaland state university for MS IN CS? ; What are the 7 building blocks for good character? What is their significance?Are there any real people on Quora that support Hillary Clinton? ; Are there people who genuinely support Hillary Clinton?How can I write over a picture on paint? ; How I write about how to paint a mental picture?Which laptop is best under 25000? ; What is the best laptop to buy under 25000INR?Does aeronautical engineering have scope? ; What is the scope in aeronautical engineering?Which is best university that offers a distant learning program for a MSc in Mathematics? ; Which university offers a MSc in mathematics with a distance learning mode in India?Which top colleges can I get into for btech CSE with rank 4969 in ComedK 2016? ; My JoSAA 2016 merit rank is 18879 .In which top college and discipline can I get into?Which is a good book by John Green? ; Which is the best book by John green and why?Why are American Saltwater Taffy candies imported in Japan? ; Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?What is that one thing you would change in your life, if you could travel back in time? ; If you could go back in time and change one event in your life, what would it be and why?Can you see who viewed your Instagram? ; Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?When is a mathematical proof rigorous and when not? ; What do mathematicians consider rigorous enough?What is it like to have David Karger as a PhD advisor? ; How does David Karger feel about the notorious difficulty of his MIT classes?What are some useful tips to overcome Writer's Block? ; What should a writer do for inspiration when they're experiencing writer's block?I have got a message from the CEO of WhatsApp to remove my profile pic specially for girls because they are using it to make nude pictures. Should I remove my pic? ; How do I remove the messages count from the WhatsApp icon?What is it like to be a graduate student in mathematics in Japan? ; What is it like to be a graduate student in mathematics in China?Is there any significance to dreaming in color vs dreaming in black and white? ; What does it mean in a dream if you see a sunset?What is the resistance of the earth? ; What is resistance?How should one develop good presence of mind? ; Humor: What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind?How can I stop myopia progression if not reverse it? ; What is 6/6 myopia vision?How can I lose weight quickly? Need serious help. ; What is the fastest way to lose weight successfully?What is the work culture of stqc? ; What's the work culture?How do I set up my VPN? ; How do you set up a VPN?Quick math question, is the area of the inner circle less than, greater than, or equal to the area of the ring around the circle? ; Can I prepare for CBSE board exam in two months of class 10th?Can you be prosecuted for a crime committed in another country? ; If I did something in my home country that isn't deemed a crime, but move to a country where it is, could I be prosecuted?What's the difference between centripetal, tangential and angular acceleration? ; What are the differences between tangential and centripetal acceleration?What are the effective ways to make money online? ; What are the best websites for making money online?Is yoga really beneficial for everyone? ; Is yoga exercise really beneficial?What are some of the highest paying jobs in India? ; Who is the highest paid teacher in India? Why?How can I manage between coaching and school due to which my concepts are poor .Are there any book for concepts.? ; There is a university event and I want to make a movie. So, on which topic (concept) should I make a movie? Are there any suggestions?How does Coursera verify/validate a user by the way they type? ; I have a single name, with no surname.How can I verify myself for the certificate on Coursera?Can I attend a Quora meetup anonymously? ; Who can attend a Quora meetup?How do I design my mobile app? ; How do I design for my Mobile app?Why is Arvind Kejriwal so obsessed with Modi? ; Why does Kejriwal keep ranting about Modi?What is a vector quantity? ; What is the meaning of a reduced Planck constant?What is the difference between cupcakes and muffins? ; What is the difference between muffin and cupcake?Which is the best smartphone to buy below 5k? ; Which is the best mobile to buy under 5k?What are the professional short term courses after 12th? ; What are the best and creative professional courses to choose after 12th?Is there a way to prevent hair Loss? ; What are the best options for hair loss?How to prepare for NIOS practical exam? ; How long does it take to prepare for maths and physics exams held by NIOS? Is it easier than cbse?What are the advantages of demonetisation? ; What are the effects of demonetisation?What are the best English lyrics you heard in 2016? Don't mention old songs? ; What are some of the best recent song lyrics (in English)?Where does Johnny Depp live? ; Is Johnny Depp a has been?Have they been purposefully aging Kevin Spacey in House of Cards? ; If Kevin Spacey makes a new film after finishing House of Cards, will my brain explode?What are some ways to write a strong letter requesting a donation from friends and family? ; How can I write a good farewell letter to a friend?What are some working sites to download movies for free? ; What are legal sites for downloading movies?What is the best car brand? ; What’s the best car on the market?How dangerous is a new born possum? ; How friendly is a new born possum?I'm broke and lonely. Tomorrow everybody is going to celebrate New Year's. Everybody is going somewhere with friends, families and girlfriends. I do not have the money to even eat something good and no one to celebrate with. What should I do? ; My girlfriend broke up after 4 years of relationship saying she wants a richer guy and good life, after we both got placed at a package of 3.25 LPA. I don't have any siblings and my parents are now separating. I don't have any friends, I just woke up and it feels so lonely. What should I do?How can one earn money on Quora? ; How can I earn money on Quora?If someone has a domain name, but has not trademarked it, can I trademark that domain name and then seize the domain name? ; Are domain names trademarked?When wll I get marshmallow update for my ASUS ZenFone 2 lazer? ; Does the Asus Zenfone 2 have heating problems like the Asus Zenfone 5?What is the simplest way to keep track of my Google searches in Chrome? ; How can I open the Google Search app from Chrome on Android?What are the best rock bands? ; What is the best rock band of all time?Who's the worst person you know? ; Who is the worst person you have ever met?How do I help a friend build confidence back since she was diagnosed with cancer? She thought all the guy would leave her if they find out ; My girlfriend broke up with me 3 months back. Now she is seeing a guy since last month and she is doing wrong things. I don't hate her. I am just disappointed because she turned into everything she said she would never be. How should I convince her to not ruin her life or to get her back?What's the workflow or process for UI design? ; What is the process of UI design?Which is the best college for an MA in psychology in India? ; What are some of the best institutes in India to pursue an MA in psychology?What makes us so adaptable? Can you think of some species that are more adaptable than we are? ; What are some interesting physiological adaptations of animals?How does Tinder work? ; Does Swipebusters work? It told me that a guy I know was last seen on Tinder at the end of April, but we've spoken on Tinder a long time after that.What bad could happen if I sneeze while eating? ; Why we stop for a while after sneezing?How do I attract girls in college? ; How can I be more attractive to women?When will Trump run for president? ; Why is Donald Trump running for president?How do I give sample test on Mettl? ; What is the test pattern and syllabus for mettl test?What are your favorite Chinese foods? ; What's your favorite Chinese food, and why?Why weren't soldiers of Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army integrated into the Indian armed forces after independence? What was the official reason given and what is actual reason? ; Why didn't the INA get integrated in the Indian Army after India got its independence?What IS FORCE of URINE WHICH IS EXCERTED BY human REPORDUCTIVE SYSTEM? ; Can I secure 150 marks in IIT JEE in 6 months?Which is the best hotel in Shantiniketan? ; Which is the best hotel in colombo?How scary is Pretty Little Liars? ; Who is A from Pretty Little Liars?Have you ever taken revenge? How and why did you take it? ; Have you ever taken revenge? How?What is the formula of [math](a+b)^3[/math]? ; How do I find the volume equation in chemistry?Are Pixotine coupon Codes available? ; Can I get a hotel room for having sex?Should China receive refugees? ; How does the world looks if (JUST ASSUME) mosquitoes are able to spread AIDS? How human being survive? How we protect ourselves 24*7?Who won the first Clinton-Trump debate? And why? ; Who do you think will win the Clinton-Trump debates?Dark Web: How can you access the deep web on a mobile phone? ; Have you seen any big secrets on the deep/dark web?Cloud certification? ; How do you show whether 2^n+5^n+2^(n+1) +5^(n+1) is divisiblev by 3?How do I deal with conservative parents? ; What are the best ways to deal with conservative and conventional thinking parents?How do we know a glass or a mug is microwave-safe? ; Is it safe to microwave potatoes in polyethene bags?What is the least invested and best startup business? ; What is the best business to do without investment or little investment?How do I draw a NAND gate using only NOR gates? ; How do I write practical note about OR, NOT, AND, NOR and NAND gates?What do you do when your father is beating your mother in front of your eyes? ; What do you do when your father is beating your mother infront of your eyes?What is the best way to send money between friends in Canada? Venmo, Google Wallet and Square Cash are only available in the US. Paypal is too slow. ; Can my European friends Venmo me money for our vacation?What is the thing which is come 1 time in year, 2 time in month, 4 time in week and 6 time in day? ; What is 1 in year 2 in months 4 in week 6 in days?How many hairs should I shed each day? ; How many hairs does a human shed each day?What is the maximum temperature stability of carbon fiber composite and glass fiber composite? ; How do you manufacture Carbon fiber?How long does it take to learn the guitar? ; Is 21 too late to learn guitar?Why is Donald Trump running for president? ; What is the main reason for Trump running for president?What are the best custom essay writing services? ; What is the best custom essay writing services?What is the best way to learn piano for adult? ; What is the best way to learn piano?What are the characteristics of philosophical approach to religion? ; How can you explain the philosophical definition of religion?How do I start learning to code? Also,which programming language is recommended for beginners? ; Which programming language to start with for a beginner and what are steps necessary to learn it?Diference between syn gas and producer gas? ; Wouldn't it be more appropriate if a person like Balaji Viswanathan is part of think tank like NITI Aayog?How can I get a particular Quora user out of my feed? ; Is there a way to get Jake Williams off my feed?What shampoo is the best for hair? ; Which is the best shampoo for curly hair?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Great Sandy Desert? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Dasht-e Kavir?Is there good software for analyzing the performance of multiple advertising channels? ; How good is advertising on Goodreads?Do you think it's right to bring up your child into this messed up world? ; Am I justified in being afraid to bring a child into the world?How do I lose weight? ; What can I do to lose 20 pounds?How can I deal with my conversationally narcissistic roommate? ; How do we deal with a narcissistic friend?What is the difference between formal and informal email? ; What is the difference between formal and informal economy?What is a good first car for a teen guy? ; What's the ideal first car for teens?What are the qualifications of professional food tasters? ; How does one become a professional ice cream taster?Is there cure for HIV? ; Why is there no cure for HIV yet?Which is better between xbox or ps4? ; Specifications-wise, which is the better console: Xbox One or PlayStation 4?How do I write a simple C program to evaluate expressions? ; How do I write C program to evaluate expressions like 78* (45-4) *852/2+458?How much money do dating apps make? ; How do free dating apps make money?What are the practical applications of logic gates? ; What are the uses of logic gates?Do you believe that there is God? Why or why not? ; Do you believe that there is a God? Why or why not?What is the difference between a mocktail and a cocktail? ; I don't drink, so I am wondering if you give a drinker a cocktail made with vinegar instead of alcohol. Can they tell the difference?What does "Transliteration Error in the request field" mean? ; What does hmu mean?What is artificial insemination? ; How is artificial insemination done?Who won the vice presidential debate of 2016 between Tim Kaine and Mike Pence? ; Who "won" the vice presidential debate tonight?What is wrong with today's education system? ; What are the things going wrong in our education system?How do I prepare for tcs interviews? ; How should I prepare for TCS interview?How do you use the League of Legends build calculator? ; What is a good Intel build for League of Legends?What is the optimal bath tub temperature for sperms? ; Is the body optimally designed?How did CM J. Jayalalitha die? ; When did Jayalalitha actually die?How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to paramedical sciences developed by Indian professors? ; How can I get MOOCs/E-learning through online web and video courses related to photography developed by Indian professors?Which is the best coaching institute for medical entrance exam in India? ; What is the best online coach for medical post-graduate entrance exam preparation?What's the difference between chocolate agar medium and blood agar medium? ; Is eating 1-2 chocolate a day affecting my results a lot?Why did America drop the atomic bomb on the civilian population of Japan? ; Why were atomic bombs used on japan?Would a laptop with i3 processor with 930M gpu and 8 GB RAM be able to run games like COD, FIFA etc at medium setting? ; Hydromorphone 4 mg P.O. or SC q4h? Whats wrong with this order?Does Final Cut X or Adobe Premiere provide you with enough post production to do professional looking Vlogs? ; Do you need to know design or adobe products to work as a web developer (front, back end, full stack)?Is sex addiction a reality? ; Is sex addiction a real thing?What route is used for the behind the wheel test for the Santa Clara, California DMV? ; How can I study for the West Virginia DMV Test?What is the main role of I? ; What is the main role of SQL?What's your experience on a full body massage in Bangalore? ; Which one is the best massage oil for men's body?Why Houzz doesn't build on resolution? ; Why doesn't my drop down menu work properly?How many times faster does C++ outperform C# in scientific calculations? ; What is the easiest way to calculate the time elapsed in C++?Which veins carry oxygenated blood? ; How do pulmonary veins carry oxygenated blood?What are good Romanian songs? ; What are the best Romanian songs?When will Pokémon GO release in India? ; When will be Pokemon go released in India?I'm watching the election results (9:43 pm eastern). I thought Hillary had this in the bag so on a scale of 1-10 how much did democrats fuck up? ; Why were organizations formed during the Cold War?What are some synonyms for "results-oriented"? ; What is the synonym for Capturer?What are the best books for preparing for IBPS PO's exam without coaching? ; What are the best and most complete books for an SBI PO associate, IBPS specialized officer and a syndicate bank PO exam preparation 2014?Why can South Indians not accept Hindi as the national language of India? ; Hindi is India's national language, Why don't many states in India accept this? Why do Indian politicians use different languages in parliament or in public rally?My boss wants to give individual award, based on team vote along-with their remarks. The results should go to my boss. How can I create such poll? ; How one can apply for IIT madras Hostel who is a research scholar at HUmanities and Social Science department at IIT madras?Will the Electoral College vote for Hillary? ; How plausible is it that the electoral college electors might not appoint Trump?Why do I get dreams daily? ; Why do we get dreams?Were the standards for judging who is famous before better than they are now? ; What were you good at that nobody cares about now?What is the main difference between electrical and electronics? ; What is the difference between Electronics Engineering and Electrical Engineering?Can I send Hike stickers on WhatsApp? ; Can I send bulk messages through Hike?How did Amelia Earhart became famous? ; What is Amelia Earhart known for?Has history been scientifically tested? ; Has Ancient Mesopotamia been scientifically tested?Who is Donald Trump's base? Why is he popular? Why are people voting for him? Why do people like and support him? ; Why do people like Trump despite him being a racist?Will I have another grow spurt Will I hit 5'10 I'm 5'7 or 5'8 male 17 year old my mom 5'5 dads 5'10? ; I am a BE E&TC student preparing for CAT with only 3 months remaining. How much should I score to get into IIMs. Also I am a SC candidate?What are the job opportunities available after doing a MS in the US in biotechnology or a biological sciences related stream? ; What are the job opportunities available after doing MS in Biotechnology from a US University?Does Google Ventures have opportunities for recent grads, such as the "associate" role? ; How can I stay up to date on Google Ventures?What should be the first programming language I learn? ; What is the first programming language I should learn?What is joy and how can I find it? ; What does joy feel like?Which one is better for IES coaching between Made Easy and I.E.S. Master for Civil guys? ; Which is the best coaching centre for IES Mechanical among MADE EASY Hyderabad and ACE Hyderabad?What technology is out there to automatically count bullets? ; What technology is out there to automatically count rounds?Explain any four challenges faced by election system in India? ; How is time an important factor when calculating EMI?How do the types of slow dances originate? ; How would US react to a friendly North Korea?Why is editorial page of The Hindu so important for UPSC aspirants? ; What makes The Hindu so special that it is the only newspaper which is recommended for UPSC aspirants?What are some best books to prepare for IBPS PO? ; What is the best correspondence study material for IBPS PO preparation?At what point in life do you stop hating yourself? ; How did you learn to stop hating yourself?How can Google Analytics data and machine learning help an online business? ; How do we weigh Online Analytics courses versus Masters in Business Analytics/Data Science?How can I improve my communication and verbal skills? ; How do I improve my communication skills in one month?How do I disable end call with the power/lock button featue on an iPhone? ; Is there an app for the power button on the iPhone?Who is the father of maths? ; Who is the father of math?I'm into BCom studies. How can I switch to the IT field and make a brilliant career into it? ; Can having a UX design mentor make it easier to break into the field or land a good job?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at RSP Permian? ; How can I give tip?What are the creepiest paranormal experience you have had? ; What is the scariest paranormal experience you have ever had?What will happen if Donald trump wins, and its effect on Indian students who are studying in US? ; How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?WhatsApp Web: I can see ALL inbound/outbound messages, but I can't send ANY messages. iPhone is working, using WhatsApp Web from Chrome. Help? ; Does Google AdSense work on news aggregation site?How should I do self preparation for Political Science and International Relations Optional for UPSC? Is coaching necessary for this subject? ; Is selective IGNOU BA and MA political science sufficient for political science optional in UPSC?What skills do I need to be a video game designer/animator? ; How do I start as a video game developer (for beginner)?What is the scientific name for the blue rose with sparkling gold tips on the petals? ; So…Say you won the game of "life" and you get to make the new universe your way. What would you do?How do I wear red lipstick without "sending a bad message?" ; How should I convince my son to not wear lipstick?What are some of the best music albums of 2012? ; What is the best music album of all time?What will Hillary Clinton's India policy be if she becomes President? ; What will be Hillary Clinton's policy towards India if she gets elected as the president of the United States of America?What's the fastest way to become a lawyer in California? ; How can you become a lawyer?How do I learn spoken English? ; How can I learn to speak a fluent English?Does Ernest W. Adams live in a liberal bubble? ; What does Ernest W. Adams think of classical liberalism?What are the largest consumer electronics retailers in Mexico? ; What are the largest consumer electronics retailers in Taiwan?How do I overcome my panic attack issues? ; What is the easiest way to overcome a panic attack?Which Hollywood director do you think can make best Sherlock Holmes movie? ; What happens if you take clonidine and Xanax together?How can an individual answer the question: Who Am I? ; How do I answer the question "who am I"?Can you boil water at 0°C? ; How many hands need to be holding a cup of 1ml water 0°C at one time in order for it to boil?Where can I buy cheap wholesale t-shirts? ; Where can I buy cheap wholesale t-shirts in Manchester?I get negative thoughts while praying and I am just not able to control them. What do I do (P.S. Question edited)? ; I'm a Muslim but I am very non religious. I pray just in case there is hell? Why do people follow religion, is it out of fear?How would an investigation turn personal? ; My bestfriend is serious with his girlfriend but the other night we both were drunk and he was coming onto me very strongly .What do I think of this?Why does India need the English language? ; Why does India like the English language? Why is it still the major connecting language in India?How can, a high school student with a very high GPA from a very poor country in Europe, get an all inclusive scholarship in a good university? ; What is it like to be a poor student at a very rich university or high school?How can I make my life beautiful? ; What makes life beautiful?What is the history of Triple H and Stephanie McMahon's relationship? ; Stephanie McMahon-Given that you have a big TV role in today's WWE as a major main event heel, how much of a say do you have in creative decisions?What are bullied children like as adults? ; What is one thing you caught your child doing that you wish you had never seen?How do I  increase traffic on my site? ; How do I get more traffic to my site?Which is best Hollywood movie ever? Why? ; What are best Hollywood movies?What can a 30 year old who partied through his 20s do to get on track in his/her career? ; I am a male in his 20s, and like my friend who is also in her 20s. Can I use snap chat to ask her out?Is it true that the new Rs. 2000 currency notes in India will have a nano GPS chip? ; Is it true that the new 2000 rupees notes have a GPS chips?What is the highest temperature ever recorded in the universe? ; Can water ever be at a temperature higher than steam in any case?What is the best novel to increase my writing skills? ; What are some of the best novels to read to enhance writing skills?Does Facebook have a revenue model for videos, similar to YouTube? ; Does Facebook pay for videos like YouTube?How was Anne Boleyn's executioner selected? ; Does playing soccer just give you muscled thighs of the same size you had previously or slim them and is there a way to make sure that happens?Is Jio4Gvoice required for the Redmi Note 3? ; Is Jio4Gvoice app required on Redmi Note 3 to make Jio calls?What's so great about San Francisco, seriously? ; What do people love about San Francisco?Who was the best actor in the movie Hannibal and why? ; What are the best Hannibal movies?Is there any Indian celebrity and foreign celebrity who looks similar? ; What makes you feel good about your wife?What does NAFTA stand for? ; What is NAFTA and why was it created?Is the Government of Pakistan encouraging India by not taking any real action against ceasefire violations? ; Is Government of India encouraging Pakistan by not taking any real action against ceasefire violations?What is the best programming language to learn in 2017? ; Which is the best programming language to learn in 2017?Why should someone do MBA? ; What are some good reasons to get an MBA?Why is Bitcoin's value going down? ; How high can the price of Bitcoin go?How can I make an online game? ; How can I make little online games?How do I recover my disabled Google account? ; Is Google business email disabled?Why does Quora have a character limit for question titles and details? ; Why does Quora limit question length?How do we read a literary Work? ; To be called a "reader", should I read the books of my choosing or is it necessary to read classics and literary works?What is the best resources for learning SAP Hana? ; What is the best site to learn sap hana?Why sex is important for life? ; Why sex is important in life?After you've posted to Facebook about how great your spouse is, how do you then dump them without looking ridiculous to all your friends and family? ; How do you show your spouse that you love them after 20 years of marriage?What is liquid nitrogen? ; How do you get liquid nitrogen?Does Gary Johnson have any chance left at winning the presidency? ; Can Gary Johnson win?How long Energizer batteries charge? ; How long do you charge Energizer batteries?What is your review of the new iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus? ; What are your views on the new released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus?Where can I learn more about mental balance according to Chinese medicine as a Western guy? ; Can anyone recommend me so music based on the link given below?What will be the pros and cons of the replacement of 500 and 1000 currency notes by the Indian govt.? ; What is the main reason for discontinuing 500 and 1000 Rupees Note in India? What are the pros and cons of it?Should I resign from my job and back to work in an academic research lab before applying PhD in CS? ; Why do large online companies (eg. Amazon) refuse to sell products to people in other countries (eg. Thailand)?What does it mean to be free to make your own choices? ; Have you ever changed a deeply held opinion?How does gravity affect time in Interstellar? ; [Spoilers] Gravity affects time in parts of the movie Interstellar. How does that work?Why do I have to join CEPT? ; What's the rank of CEPT in india?What are your most embarrassing stories? ; What is the most embarrassing moment in front of your crush?Who would I choose? The person who love me but I don't love, or the person who I love but doesn't love me? ; What should I choose? The one I love or the one who loves me?What's it like to study computer science at MIT? ; What is it like to be a Computer Science Major at MIT?Is the world going to end in Halloween 2016? ; Is it the end of the world October 31?What do astronauts aboard ISS do when a solar storm is headed there way? ; What do astronauts aboard ISS do during a solar storm?What are some unusual hobbies you have? ; What are some unusual hobbies that you have?What is your faith about? ; What's faith for?I plan to be a gaming YouTuber. How should I start with my goal of subscribers and how much money will I get per month? ; How much are YouTubers paid a month?Is Asperger's Syndrome Autism? ; Are Asperger's syndrome and autism alike?Noam Chomsky: How much mathematics do/did you know? ; What do the best students in mathematics know?How do you thank someone for a gift that has no monetary or utilitarian value, but which has huge sentimental value to the person who's gifting it to you? ; What makes a better gift? One with a sentimental value or the one with a material value?What is wrong with Indian education system? How can we improve it? ; How can Indian Education system be reformed?Work from Work from Home Opportunities in India? ; Is it possible for a professor from another university to co-supervise a research thesis?How can you effectively lose a lot of weight without compromising your health? ; How much weight can you lose in two months without endangering your health?How do I talk to an old friend? ; How do I talk to my old friend?What are the best ways to start a conclusion paragraph? ; What is the best way to write a paragraph about brain drain?How do I transfer YouTube offline videos to SD card? ; How get offline video of YouTube in SD card?How do I convert .nvc file to any other video format? ; How do I convert DBX file to PDF format?How do I check a string in C programming to see if each character is a number or '.'? ; How do I write a C program for counting occurences of characters in a string?How do I prepare for TIFR GS Mathematics entrance examination? ; How should one should prepare for the TIFR entrance examination for mathematics?What is the order for higher level math classes? ; What are the class sizes in higher level math courses at MIT?What are the differences between C and C++? ; Which one should I learn first - C or C++?How do I kiss for the first time? ; How do we kiss for the first time?Why is that the sky is so blue? ; Why is the sky blue color?With what programming languages or frameworks are most of the current startups built upon? ; What are the programming languages and frameworks used by top startups?How can I make my hair naturally? ; How do I make my hair curly naturally?How many Twitter users are in Nigeria? ; How many Twitter users are there?Why can't I speak English? ; Why can't I speak English well, even though I have studied it for 11 years?Is there a book that changed your life? Why? ; What are some books that changed your life, and why?What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for Laos? ; What individuals and events in history are a source of pride for Canada?What does it mean to love someone? ; What do you mean by LOVE ?What is karma? What are some real life examples? ; What's the best real life karma you've ever seen/experienced?Is Iraq considered a third world country? Why or why not? ; Why is Kenya considered a Third World country?Where is the best IAS coaching in India? ; Which is the best IAS coaching institute in North India?What is a Gabor filter? What is it used for? ; How can you use the Gabor filter?How is morale at Box? (Aug 2014) ; Find tweets from Tami freakish Snyder to jerry Grider in Aug. 2014?Can a relationship between a 44 year old woman and a 22 year old guy really work? ; How should a 15 year old guy with an 18 year old girlfriend react to older guys trying to break up the relationship?What are economic activities? What are some examples? ; What is a secondary economic activity? What are some examples of this?What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes? ; What do you think of the decision by the Indian government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes?How can I stop dreaming so intensley? ; How do i stop dreaming?Is there anything in the world that is more pleasurable than sex? ; Is there a more pleasurable feeling than sex and orgasm?How do you get an ink stain out of fabric? ; What is the best way to get ink stains out of a shirt?How do I come out of comfort zone? ; What are some of the straight to the point example of getting out of the comfort zone?Are there any players who have not scored a goal in their entire football career at top level? ; Why do football players put the ball inside their jersey after scoring a goal?What do I need to do to get into MIT? ; What should I do to join mit?What is the best Python learning book for beginners? ; What is the best beginner's book on Python?What are causes for waking up sweating every morning? ; Why do I wake up at 5.30am every morning?As a high caste Hindu, will I be a high caste Christian if I get converted to Christianity? ; Why are some high caste Hindus also converting to Christianity?Is West Bengal’s BJP president right in trading barbs against Ms. Mamta Banerjee? ; I've heard UPES, Dehradun provides an M.Tech programme in chemical engineering. . How's the college. What are my options after completing the course?What makes a bad Human Resource Manager ? ; Is Tech Mahindra a good platform for freshers from computer science branch?What happens if you do not have a physician remove stitches? ; What can happen if a wound that needs 3 stitches is not stitched, any major problem? Can I clean it with water daily?General Knowledge: What is Indira Point? ; General Knowledge: What does Dxx mean?What happens if there is Parivarthan Yoga between 4th and 5th house? ; What happens if there is Parivarthan yoga between 8th and 9th house?How can we become rich soon? ; How do I become rich?What industry-friendly policies Punjab government has introduced? ; Does forex trading tools controlled by the forex company?What are your favorite books? ; What is your favorite book ever, and why?What does the hat worn by Bradley Cooper in American Sniper stand for? ; What is your review of American Sniper (2014 movie)?Is life worth living? ; When do you think that life is worth living? Why?What does "lien amount" in the SBI mean? ; What is the maximum amount maintained in an SBI bank without a PAN card?What does the painting "Guernica" by Pablo Picasso symbolize? ; What is the painting by Pablo Picasso "Guernica" named for?How do I become a billionaire in India? ; How can I become a billionaire?Who is a better Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi or Manmohan Singh? ; Did Mr. Narendra Modi ever dream of becoming the Prime Minister of India during his childhood?What's it like to have a 150 IQ? Is life easier? ; Which U.S. president had the highest IQ?What are side effects of protienx? ; What are the side effects of antidepressants?Why does UK want to leave European Union? ; [Late 2015 / Early 2016] Why does the United Kingdom want to leave the European Union? Why do some people there want to quit the EU?What do you do to hack text messages on a mobile phone? ; What can I do to hack snapchat on a mobile Phone?Why do some answers collapse in Quora? ; Why are some answers collapsed?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bentley University? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Oakland University?What are the major societal differences between Spain and Portugal? ; What are some cultural differences between Spain and Portugal?Which app can I download to hone my writing skills? What books and skills can you recommend? ; Guys, can you recommend several books which introduce the layers interrogating skills? I really want to learn it. Thinks a lot!What is your review of Pivotal Labs (company)? ; How experienced should you be in order to get a job at Pivotal Labs?Can I make thousands a month playing poker? ; How much money can I make 5 days a week playing poker?How do I make friends in college? I went to clubs but no one talked to me. ; How do I make new friends in university?How do pilots avoid turbulence? ; How do airline pilots handle turbulence?Should rapist be given death penalty? ; Is the death penalty appropriate or should it be banned?How reliable are Mini Coopers? ; Why are Mini Coopers so expensive?What do you think about Donald Trump's shocking win in the US presidential elections? Is it good or bad for the US and international communities? ; What do you think of Donald Trump winning the US Presidential election?Do animals we eat have feelings? ; Do animals understand emotions?What are Action Bronson's most underrated raps? ; What are the most underrated things in life?What would be your New Year resolutions for 2017? ; What Is your New year resolutions in 2017?What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your cousin? ; What was the most embarrassing moment in front of your parents?Which country has highest gold reserves? ; Which country has the highest gold reserves?How many days are required to get a UAE work visa? ; How many days are required to get a UAE work visa online?Is it possible to add external processors and/or RAM to a computer through the USB port? ; Why did Apple remove USB port?What should I do to concentrate on my studies and for scoring high marks? ; Can you motivate me to work hard for studies?How can I solve arcsin (x^2) / x^2? ; What is Y= arcsin (x^2) / x^2?Which are the best open educational video lectures available for Biotechnology? ; Which are the best open educational video lectures available for Nanotechnology?Can chromosomal conformation capture data be nondestructive? ; Which is better for 5 year experienced TCS (Existing) or Sapient (Planning to Switch)?She is sexual attract or emotionally, because she has boyfriend but she is also flirty and sometime emotional with me? ; Why Chinese are racists? I know alot of Chinese and they're racists and they said anybody not Chinese don't deserve to live :(If you could rename yourself, what would it be and why? ; Would you rename yourself given the chance? What name would you pick? Why?Can anyone let me know how good is Moulik institute for Certified Scrum Master(CSM) training? ; Meth Vancouver wa?What is SSC exam? ; Is SSC exam are tough?Which is the best college for integrated science in india? ; I scored 63.4% marks in B.A. in economics from a prestigious college in India. If I score well in masters, can I get into HKS for Ph.D.?My husband is working oversea. how do I hack his whatsapp? ; How do I prevent my husband from going back to his country to get his visa?What is the difference between pressure and velocity? ; What is the difference between pressure and stress?What do bodybuilders do on rest day? ; Why do people hate bodybuilders?Who are the most influential women who changed our world? ; Who is the most influential woman in history?Why do people lose interest in me so quickly? ; Why do I lose interest in people so quickly?What is the greatest number that will divide 43, 91 and 183 so as to leave the same remainder in each case? ; When a 4 digit number is divided by 85, it leaves a remainder of 39. If the same number is divided by 17, what would the remainder be?Is the 2017 Lexus RX 350 better enough than the 2017 Honda CRV to justify a jump of $20,000? ; Which is a better long term buy: a 2017 Kia Sportage, Honda CRV or Mazda CX-5?What characteristics define a go-go dancer? ; How much do go-go dancers make, on average?What do vehicle tyre numbers & sizes mean? ; Why are the tyres of the car black? Why can't it be any other?How do I survive in a long distance relationship? ; How are long distance relationships maintained?How do I discover English songs? ; How do I remember english songs?Where is the world's tallest man from? ; Who is the world's tallest man?Can kegel really noticeably get my vagina to be tighter? ; How big does a vagina get?What are some quick ways to control your anger? ; What are some effective ways to curb your anger?How do I grow taller? Some tips? ; I'm 16 and 5'2.5. How can I ACTIVELY grow taller?How are laws passed in UK? ; How are laws passed?What is the best way to control our emotions? ; How do I control emotions..Like Heart Breaking emotions?What is it like at the University of Chicago? How are the students and the professors? ; What is it like to be a professor at the University of Chicago?What was the story between Michael and Diana Ross? Michael seemed to love her all his life, why weren't they together? ; Did Michael Jackson write his own songs?How do you find out what your zip code plus four is? ; What is the zip code plus 4 for 04009?What is the procedure to get transcripts from GJU Hisar? ; What is the procedure to get transcripts from GJU Hisar Distance Education?What are some unexpected things first-time visitors to Montserrat notice? ; What are some unexpected things first-time visitors to India notice?What is the meaning Western Prêt in fashion? ; How do you respond to ignorant things that people say to you about gaming?Why is terrorism so frequently associated with Islam? ; Are Islam and terrorism so deeply intermeshed that it is impossible to separate the two?How can you make scotch eggs? ; What is the best way to make Scotch eggs?How much money do you need to consider yourself rich? ; How much money do you need to consider yourself a millionaire?How do you punch holes without a hole puncher? ; How do you patch a hole in the ceiling?Why is birth certificate necessary for making passports in India, then what's the use of Aadhaar card? ; Why date of birth certificate is necessary for passport?What are the harmful effects of drinking 5-6 litres of water per day? ; Is drinking more than 6 litres of water per day good or bad for health?Can a football analyst become a data analyst? ; How do I become a data analyst in football?Can we time travel anyhow? ; Is time travel possible? If yes howWhat do you think will be the effect of Modi Government's decision of invalidating the RS 500 and RS 1000 notes? ; What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?How long do batteries last in car key fobs? ; How do I change the battery in a Volvo key fob?If one of my YouTube channels gets banned, will it affect my AdSense account linked with it and other channels? ; What are the timings for GRE examination in India?What is the feeling of SC/ST students in NIT/IITs as they entered through reservation? ; How does it feel to be a SC/ST/OBC guy in an IIT/NIT/any other institute having reservation based on caste?How do I identify adulterated milk and milk products at a home level without using chemicals? ; Can a baby survive without milk?How do I stop eating junk food? ; How can I break my habit of eating junk food?Do the people of Taiwan consider themselves Chinese? ; Why are there so many Chinese people who want to nuke Taiwan into flatland（核平统一）?Why didn't the Mongols take & sell white European slaves (men, women & children) to Central Asians, Chinese, Koreans, Tibetans, Mongol tribes? ** ; Is it possible Mongols took white slaves (Eastern European men, women & children) to East Asia e.g. Mongolia, China, Korea, Tibet in medieval times?When do you upvote? ; What do you upvote?What do you want more of in your life? ; What do you want in life?What are the text messages a guy would text/say if they like you? Would asking how you are be one? ; Why does a text message say "not delivered"?What are some of the best games to play on Linux? ; What are some good puzzle games for kids on Linux?How can I cure my diabetes? ; Will there ever be a cure for diabetes? Why or why not?Is the governance system of the EU democratic? Why ‘yes’, or why ‘not’? ; Do you think Is the governance system of the EU democratic? Why ‘yes’, or why ‘not’?Why did god create humans? ; Why did people create God?Can you use publicly available celebrity photos for a mobile app? ; Is it legal to use celebrities photos in a website or smartphone app?Is it possible to still buy a modern laptop and put Windows XP instead of whatever it's already pre-installed? (Windows XP is the only OS my (oldish) father knows how to use) ; Is it possible to put Windows 7 OS on a 786MB memory laptop?Why is Donald Trump's campaign slipping? ; Why are Donald Trump's poll numbers falling in August 2016?Why is Comedy Nights with Kapil not on YouTube? ; Why Comedy nights with Kapil is ending?How can I raise money for a social startup? ; How do I raise money for a social startup in India?Can you smoke methylphenidate? If so, what are the consequences? ; Why did you start smoking?What is the value of a 2 rupee note signed by Sri Venkitaramanan (1990-1992)? ; What is the value of 1974 1 rupee note sign by M.G.Kaul?Difference between cat and vi commands in unix? ; Where does "cat" unix command comes from?Why is Voot slow? ; Why is Voot so slow?What's the coolest feature you've seen in a car? ; What are the most impressive features you have seen in a car?Did the Nazis kill Slavs to give the Jews free land? ; Did the Nazis genocide slavs to give free land to Jews?Why some women leave their jobs after having a baby? ; Should women leave their jobs after having baby?If I skip the ad on YouTube before it ends, does the advertising company still pay YouTube for it? ; Why is it that I can skip 15-second ads on YouTube, but I can't skip longer ones?W hat is the temperature in space? How is temperature measured in space? ; Is there a difference between a Refrigeration Mechanic vs an HVAC Technician?How is Java commonly used today? ; Is lamp still used today?What is it like attending a liberal, higher end college (though not necessarily ivy league) college as a conservative republican? ; What are the new ivy league colleges?How do you find the [math]\frac{dy}{dx}[/math] of [math]\tan\left(\frac{x}{y}\right) =x+y[/math]? ; What is the derivative of [math]x^x[/math]?Is sleep paralysis rare? ; How common is sleep paralysis?What are the questions you hate to see again and again in Quora? ; What are you tired of seeing on Quora?How tall is Jennifer Aniston's stomach? ; What is it like to randomly meet Jennifer Aniston?I've been working out in the gym for the last three months but I'm not successful in gaining weight. Should I go for a mass gainer? Is it safe? ; I am 20 year old with height 6'2 and weight 63 Kgs. Should I go for a mass gainer to gain weight?How are whole numbers and natural numbers similar? ; What is a whole number and a natural number?How do I improve in logical reasoning for CAT? ; How do I prepare for data interpretation and logical reasoning in the CAT?What is your strategy of Revision after studying something? ; Given that only 10 days remain now for the exam, what revision strategy should I follow for my BITSAT so that I am able to properly revise whatever I have studied?What are some of the limitations of designing a car? ; How much does mba in canada if I'm indian?Was Taj Mahal really an ancient Shiva temple before its recreation? What are those evidences which really prove it? ; Taj mahal is tejo mahalaya ancient shiva temple?Is 'The Amazing world of Gumball" considered Underrated? ; My weight is 65kg. I want to ride 150cc bikes which have weigh around 140kg.Will they suit for my body?Is "perfect" real or an illusion? ; Is perfectness an illusion?How many hours does Beyoncé sleep? ; How many hours should we sleep?Is there any writing workshop or classes are being organized in bhubaneswar? ; What is it like to attend a creative writing workshop?How will swapping a more powerful SUV engine into a lightweight coupe affect its performance? ; Is it correct that a diesel engine having more power will have higher RPM than the engine having less power?A normal distribution with mean 37 and standard deviation 8.What is the probability a # selected at random from this distribution is greater than 37? ; Is there a relationship between poverty and crime?What does Stanford golf membership cost? ; Should I learn tennis of golf?How is the strength of a human bite compared to an alligator bite? ; How is the strength of a human bite compared to a lion bite?How do popcorn kernels pop? ; How does popcorn "pop"?Why don't drinks spill when an airplane turns? ; Should I be scared of riding an airplane?My power bank light doesn't want to switch off how can I fix it? ; A red light in my wall socket is always turned on even when the switch is turned off. Does it consume power?What was the best experience of your life? ; What's the best experience of your life? Why?How can I kill myself? ; My life got destroyed for absolutely no reason. What are some ways to kill myself?What are the best ways to make a woman wet? ; How can I make a girl go wet?Why is my Miniature Pinscher/Chihuahua mix afraid of cats? ; Why is my puppy afraid of cats?How can I get started learning Hindi? ; How do non native hindi speakers perceive Hindi as a language? How difficult do they find it to learn reading and writing?Where can I find affordable but good help for completing mobile app development projects? ; How much is Greek spoken in Turkey?Why are people still trying to make new technological advances to learn about space? ; Do new technologies help or hinder learning?How can I get meth out of my system in two days? ; How can I flush meth out of my blood?What can I expect in Morgan Stanley Codeathon 2016 starting on 6 August 2016? ; What is the interview process of Morgan Stanley through Codeathon?Why do jet fighters appear to have no angle of attack? ; Why are some jet fighters limited in Angle of Attack?How can you use dish soap in a dishwasher? ; How much dish soap should be used in a dishwasher?Loopholes of the new policy to withdraw 500 and 1000 currency notes? ; What are loopholes in Modi's Currency withdrawal of 500/1000 notes?What does this Brake Masters quote for a timing belt mean? ; What mileage should the timing belt on a 2008 Honda Civic be changed at?What are the greatest achievements of mankind? ; What have been the greatest achievements of humanity?What are examples of Conspiracies Theories that turned out to be true? ; What is a conspiracy theory that turned out to be real?What are some mind blowing inventions technology? ; What are some mind blowing inventions that most people don't know about?What is the ideal age to start using anti-aging creams? ; What is the best anti aging cream on the market?Who are the top two richest actors in the world? ; Who are the top 10 richest people in Bollywood (actors, directors, and producers)?How has your friend/best friend helped you out when you were in big trouble? ; Who is your best friend? Why?Is one year sufficient for GATE preparation? ; Is it possible to crack GATE with one year of preparation?How can I find my American Airlines record locator number? ; What was American Airlines like in the 1980s?As India have made several attempts to make piece with Pakistan. Have pakistan ever tried to make piece with India? ; The honorable PM of Pakistan Mr. Nawaz Sharif has regretted for the poor relationship with India. Is this enough for Pakistan to revamp its relationship with India and other neighboring countries?Does the King Street Capital hedge fund have its back office operations in-house or outsourced to a fund admin? ; What is the minimum capital needed to invest into a hedge fund?Why do I never feel hungry? ; Why do we feel hungry?How does it feel to die in a movie? ; How does it feel to die?Is Sri Sri Ravi Shankar enlightened? ; Who is Sri Sri Ravi Shankar?What dies it mean when a woman send heart in text messages? ; Does it mean anything if a girl is sending you lots of hearts in her texts?What do I write in a college essay? ; What should I write in my college essays for Harvard?How can I use instagram if I have an old account not linked to Facebook, only one email address and password resets are not working? ; What can I do if I disassociated my email address from Instagram account and have forgotten my password?What is the reputation of the machine learning group in UC Santa Cruz? ; How did UC-Santa Cruz become so amazing in Astronomy?How would you make 1 million dollars into 10 million dollars? ; How would you turn 1 million into 10 million dollars?What is an equity share? ; Do folks not know when they are blessed with a privilege?How do I learn to play soccer? ; What are good ways to learn how to play soccer?Illusions: Why is it that in some paintings the person/animal's eye seems as if its staring towards us, even when we look from different directions? ; I have seen a life size painting of Tipu Sultan. From any angle you look at it, it seems that the whole painting has turned towards you. How is it possible?What is the difference between an advising bank and a negotiating bank? ; What's it like to work at Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen for your first job?How do you draw a cartoon monkey? ; How do you draw cartoons?Why do people hate Islam and muslims? ; Why do some people dislike Islam?What are the best resources to start learning soapUI tool? ; What is the Best tool for testing Rest API, SoapUI or SoapUI Pro or Jmeter?Who is blasie pascal? ; Based on the Harry Potter royalties she got, how much is the revenue per 1 word of J. K. Rowling?How does Special K make you lose weight? ; Does eating Kellogg womens K in breakfast help you lose weight?Which one is the correct sentence, listening music or listening to music? ; Can any one correct me the sentence formation of the below mentioned details?Which are the sweetest languages in the world? ; What is the sweetest language in the world?Why do I need a passport to go to Jamaica from Germany? ; Why do I need a passport to go to Jamaica from Japan?How do I find an algorithm to add two binary numbers? ; How do I work out the number 50 using binary numbers?What was the first coding platform and how do you "run" lines of code that you have typed? ; Is ca is tof?Im a BE mechanical student I know Autocad Creo 2.0 Ansys Still I need CATIA? ; I have just started my 2nd year of mechanical engineering and I know CATIA, Pro E and AutoCAD. What are some suggestions on what I should do to build a good career abroad as a mechanical engineer?Which is the best site to download movies? ; What are the best sites to download movies from?I keep going back to the same place in my dream but the previous me is there already? ; Can you go in a girl room in drills in the airforce?What is Newton's First Law in Physics? ; What is Newton's third law?How shall I get rid of hair fall? ; How can I stop my hair fall?What can people do to stop voter suppression? ; Are you an undecided voter?What is the reaction between ammonia and sulfuric acid? ; What is the reaction between sulfuric acid and aluminum?How can I make $10000 in a month? ; What is the best way to earn 10000 in a month?Why do some people push others away, even though they dearly love them? ; I get sick of my friends and, at times, push them so far away I almost destroy our relationship, even though that's not what I want. Is this normal?Why does the English language have so many French words in it? ; Is it common for Canadian websites to be in both English and French?Is Bangalore really the cleanest city in India? If yes, why? ; Cleanliness: Which is the cleanest city in India?How can I lose weight in 21 days? ; How can I lose weight in 25 days?What you don't want to do again in your life? ; What do you want in life?A point charge Q is located just above the centre of the flat face of a hemisphere of radius R as shown in the adjacent figure. What is the electric flux through curved surface area and through flat surface? ; Can an electric charge flow through a flame?What is a decent place to book for 20 people stay in palani, Tamilnadu? ; Job interview questions for coal preparation engineers in cil?Sex Acts: Do women enjoy it when men shoot semen on their breasts and face? ; Do women enjoy the taste of semen?What is Jan lokapal bill? ; Which country is the most geographically located to become a superpower other than china and india?What are the best post for electrical candidates in SSC JE? ; What are best posts for mechanical candidates through SSC JE examination?What is the best laptop under Rs.50000 in India? ; What are the best laptops under Rs. 50000?Are banks allowed to charge a fee in addition to interest for late payments? ; Should I charge my tenants a fee for late payments?How can peace be brought to the world? ; How can the world be brought to peace?What are some things to do while visiting Azerbaijan that a tourist might not know about? ; What are a few (3-10) things about the history of Sri Lanka that a tourist should know before visiting?Why do casting directors include "C.S.A." in their TV/film credits? ; What is the best closing line of a movie or TV series?How do I reduce my anger? ; What do I do when I can't control my anger?What is the one thing you will never do again? ; What is one thing you will never do in your life?What are infrared cameras used for? How do they work? ; How do FLIR IR Thermal infrared imaging Surveillance Night Vision cameras work? What is the difference between MWIR Cooled Infrared & LWIR Uncooled?How does the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes helps to identify black money and corruption? ; How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?I have a Gmail address and can't remember the password. The only pictures of my son I own are on it. How do I go about getting into my account? ; How do I reset my Gmail password when I don't remember my recovery information?What's the maximum amount of urine that can be held inside a human bladder? ; The amount I sweat is more than my urine. Is this normal?Can you die from a lack of sleep? ; Can I die from lack of sleep?How do I master coding? ; What are the most efficient ways to master C++?What are some good young hard rock artist similar to bands like Rage Against The Machine, Wakrat, Foo Fighters, Downset, ACDC and Xombie etc? ; Are there YOUNG, EMERGING bands like Foo fighters, Wakrat and Rage Against the Machine?How can we maxmise the benefit of NCERTS for civil services? ; What is Chinese language?What are the roles and responsibilities of mechanical engineering in the construction of a refinery? ; What is the role of mechanical engineers in construction companies?How can I find out what I really want to do with my life? ; How do I find out what I truly want in my life? It fluctuates!What are the names of countries that were once part of India? Also when they got separated from India? ; Which countries were separated from India since ancient times?What is the quickest possible way to lose weight? ; What are the best ways to lose weight?What do I do if I lost my USPS mailbox key? ; How much does it cost to replace a USPS mailbox key?Can the UK visa be extended on medical grounds? ; Can a tier 4 visa be extended for genuine medical treatment?How is it to live in a relationship when your partner doesn't trust you? ; What do you do when in a relationship "your girlfriend" doesn't trust you and is unhappy?What does it mean when a girl says she needs space? ; What does it mean when a girl say she needs space to better herself?If you think a girl likes you but you're not sure, how would you act? ; Is it okay to 'play it safe' and ask out girls who you're sure like you, instead of the risky one you like better?How can rabbits be cooled on a hot day? ; Does Internet really help to learn or its just waste of time?Are human too dependent on computers? ; Are we too dependent on computers?Which payment gateway in Saudi that using to collect and pay money from/to multiple ? ; How can I get my retention money back from the company which they are refusing to pay me since six months..?How can I reach Uber customer service? Do they have a phone number? ; What is the phone number for Xbox customer service?How much did the old Candid Camera show pay people who were on the show? ; Why do people like Breaking Bad so much? Why watch such a depressing and violent show?What is Amazon's return policy for textbooks? ; What is Amazon's return policy on video games?Is it good to have Milk during fever? ; Is chocolate milk good for you?Can kittens eat watermelon? If not, why? ; What does a kitten eat?How do you unlock the radio code for a Honda Civic? ; What type of oil does my 2015 Honda civic use?I am ugly and fat, how to lose weight? ; How do I suck it up and lose weight?How does surface tension work? ; Why does surface tension exist? Why does it "work"?How much does it cost to build an app prototype? ; How much does it cost to build a prototype of a mobile application using an outsourcing company?What is sensex? What is nifty? ; What is Sensex? How can I enter in the Sensex market?What is the worst that could happen with Trump being president? ; What is the worst that will happen to America if Trump becomes president? What if Hillary does?As an engineering 3rd year student what should I start preparing for IAS exam? ; How should I start preparing for the IAS exam? I am currently studying engineering first year. What are the various books or materials I need to use?What is the difference between database and data science? ; What is the difference between informatics and data science?What is Obama like as a person? ; What is Barack Obama like in person?What were the main and most important political causes of World War 1? ; What was the main cause of World War One?Can being bullied or having less sleep cause social anxiety? ; What causes social anxiety?Is National Green Tribunal a constitutional body or a statutory body? ; Why do mostly Indians burn the body after death?What is best techniques to do Off Page Seo? ; What are the best SEO techniques for off-page SEO?How are long distance relationships maintained? ; Does long distance relationship work?Is there a systematic way to learn about classical music? ; What is the best way to familiarize myself with classical music?Why did Trump win? ; How did Donald Trump win your vote?What are transistors? ; What does a transistor do?What time of year is it best to visit Democratic Republic of the Congo? ; What time of year is it best to visit Republic of the Congo?Is there any way to increase height at the age of 17? ; Can I increase my height at the age of 17?What are some other movies like Lucy? ; Are there more movies like Lucy?How can I lose weight safely? ; How do I actually lose weight?What is the county of Edgware and how does the lifestyle compare to the London Borough of Newham? ; How does Edgware compare with other neighbourhoods in London?How do I contact a real hacker? ; How can I hire a professional hacker?How do I get driving license in India for driving Volvo air bus, lorry and truck? Where can I learn driving bus, lorry and truck in Chennai? ; Is a German driving license valid to drive in India?Why do Germans hate Hitler? ; How is Hitler portrayed in German school textbooks?Can I learn Oracle Courses at home? ; Can I learn Oracle at home?What's the best way to start learning robotics? ; From where should a complete beginner (0 knowledge) start in learning robotics?Which one is better: Samsung Galaxy s7 edge or iPhone 6s? ; Should I swap my iPhone 6s for a Samsung Galaxy s7?Where can I find a Canadian family office database? ; Where can I find a European family office database?Which are the best Bollywood movies to watch? ; What is the best Bollywood movie you have watched?Where should I register my domain name in Singapore? ; Where can I register a .an domain name?What is there in the friendship between two boys that girls adore? ; What is there in Friendship between two boys that never exist in two girl's friendship?What should be the first programming language learned to develop games? ; What programming language should I learn if I want to create games?What is the difference between do-follow and no-follow links ? ; What is the different between no-follow & do-follow link?What do I do to increase my height? ; How do I increase my height after 16?What do Afghans think of Indians? ; Afghanistan: What do Afghans think of Hamid Karzai?Does the earth retain its water? ; Does earth lose any water?If a guy asks a girl out to dinner, when is it a date and when is it not a date? ; When is the right time to ask a girl out on a date?Does pulled out hair grow back? ; Will hair grow back on bald spots?How do converting used motor oil to diesel oil? ; How do converting waste lubricant oil to diesel fuel?Will Donald Trump’s win in the elections have an impact on Indian students applying for a higher education in the US? ; How would Trump presidency affect Indian students in the US?What is a good book for young adults to read? ; What is the best book to read for a kid?How can I use Google in China? ; Since Google is restricted in China what can I do to be able to use Gmail in China?What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Turkey for the first time? ; What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Vietnam for the first time?What is the difference between scotch, whiskey, vodka, rum, beer and wine? ; What is the difference between beer, wine, liquor, alcohol, brandy, whiskey, rum, vodka, bourbon, stout, scotch, feni, champagne, tequila and gin?Should I learn how to read music/drum charts? ; Is it challenging to learn how to read music/drum charts?Where can I get best DJs for School Discos in Sydney? ; Where can I find best quality DJ for School Discos in Sydney?Is kissing good for health? ; Is flirting good for health?What products have you used to treat your tinnitus? ; What icons would you use to imply your product's on sale, list a product and boost your sales?How can we improve the UK NHS system? ; How can we improve UK NHS system?How do I overcome depression, anxiety and stress? ; How should I overcome anxiety and depression?How does anal sex feel compared to vaginal sex? ; My wife says she enjoys anal sex more than vaginal sex. Do I need to be concerned?Addanyproject best freelancing website? ; What are some good freelancing provider websites?Why should I not drink cold drink? ; Why do I get cold when I drink a cold drink?How would you explain difference between VR and 3D to someone who knows nothing about VR? ; Do I need VR headsets for 3D websites?How much money should a startup raise? ; How much money should I raise?What are the best lines to start anchoring in an event? ; How do I start anchoring a cultural event?Should human-caused global warming be completely stopped? ; Is it practically or scientifically possible to stop global warming in the world?What type of applications go lang is targeted for? ; Is Go the best programming language for next generation A.I. and machine learning applications?If you could travel anywhere, where would you go and why? ; If someone walked up to you right now and handed you a round trip ticket to go anywhere in the world or the universe - assume space travel is possible - where would you go and why?How did the universe look like before the Big Bang? ; How was our universe before the Big Bang? Was it a tiny point? If it was a tiny point, where did this point exist from?How can we do astral travel? ; How do I astral travel?How does deep residual learning work? ; What is a summary of the "Why does deep and cheap learning work so well?" paper?What is the meaning of "The night rolls on" in this song? ; How do I remove CSE.Google.com from Google Chrome?What is your review of The Motley Fool? ; What are reviews for the Motley Fool Stock Advisor?Could we use a 13 cm radio wavelength to see a 1-0.5 mm object (with little resolution)? Could this be improved to see it better? ; Could we use 13cm wavelength radio waves to see a message in a paper?What are some cool assassin names? ; What are some cool assasin names? Why?What is the best Google employee perk, and why? ; What perks are given to a Google employee?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Northwestern State? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Columbus State?What it is like to work in RBI? ; How is the job life in RBI?If you could go back in time and redo one thing, what would it be? ; If you could go back in time and do one thing, what would it be?Forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook? ; I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?How do I monetize my business website? ; What are some ways to monetize a free website?How should I delete rows from a DataFrame in Python-Pandas? ; Is it possible to use Pandas with Python 3.5 IDLE?If an object at the equator travels at 1040mph with earth's rotation, why does it not appear to move and stand still? ; I am really a hard worker but my memory does not support s me. I forget the things that I already studied. what is the best way for a long memory?What are some good over ear headphones under 2000? ; What are the best in the ear headphones under 2000?Which is the best book with which I can prepare for GRE exams..? ; Which book is best for study of gre?How Do I track user actions in windows 7? ; Which areas should I look to for moving near Madrid, Spain?How do you know if you are in love with your crush? ; How do you know when it is true love?What are the side effects of nodosis 500mg? ; What are the side effects of levothyroxine?What was the significance of showing Amitabh Bachchan with a mask in the movie PINK? ; If I fall under the Brady law due to PTSD, is there a thing extra that have to do when purchasing a weapon at a gun show in Arizona?How can we communicate effectively with our chlidren? ; How do I communicate effectively?If World war 3 happened, what countries would likely start the war and why? ; What will most likely cause World War III?I am a 2013 passout. My interest is in a software job. Which technology is good to get in a software company in Bangalore? ; I am 31 years old high school passout. I dont have bachelor degree. If I learn computer programming will I get a job in software development company?What are the income taxes in Canada? ; What if there is no income tax?In Korean, what is the meaning of "jagi"? ; Koreans: What does ㅐㅌㄴㄴㅇ mean in Korean?Why use Quora if you can google? ; Why do people use Quora when we already have google?Videocon 40 led TV and Intex 40 led TV? ; Which is best amoung Videocon 40 led TV and Intex 40 led TV?Should I switch to iPhone 7 Plus from iPhone 6S Plus? ; Should I upgrade iPhone 6S Plus to iPhone 7 Plus?Wordplay: What are some of the best portmanteaus you've heard? (English) ; What are some of the most interesting portmanteaus you have heard?I have $5. What is the best way to invest and grow my money? ; What is the best way to earn money with less investment and more profit?Which is the best government job in India and why? ; What is the eligibility for government jobs in india?Is Donald Trump secretly a Democrat? ; Is Donald Trump really a Democrat?What does it mean to be a consummate professional? ; How is a skirt professional?If we send humans to Proxima Centauri for exploration, what is an effective way for each generation to stay on mission through the 18000 year journey? ; How did India succeed in its Mars Mission with a budget of $75 million which is less than the cost of other Mars missions and even the budget of the movie Gravity?Where can I find a wiring diagram to install a Harbor Breeze Ceiling Fan? ; Are there any diagrams that show you how to wire a ceiling fan?How can I stop worrying about what other people think of me? ; How can I stop myself from being affected by what other people think about me?Have you tried pokedates? Has it helped you find someone special? ; Is it normal to steer away from love every time you find that special someone?My profile is X-87%, XII-94%, UG-77%, CAT-93%. Is it good for me to join IMT, Nagpur? What are the advantages of joining IMT, Nagpur? ; Is IMT Nagpur worth joining in terms of placements, etc.?Where can I find a working Nintendo 3DS emulator? ; Where can I find a legitimate Nintendo 3DS emulator?How do you invest money in real estate? ; What is the best way to invest in real estate?How do you cook slightly frozen chicken? ; What's the fastest way to cook a frozen chicken breast?For all bank po exam which is the best book especially for reasoning and quanta? ; What are the best and most complete books for an SBI PO associate, IBPS specialized officer and a syndicate bank PO exam preparation 2014?Which are the safest cities in India? ; Which is the safest city in India for women? What are the things that they are doing right which New Delhi is doing wrong?Why do homeopaths are paid, go to medical conferences, open schools, do research, and still there is no scientific evidence that homeopathy does work? ; MS in US in CS: GRE Q:165,V:155.GPA: 7.37, Work exp: 2.5 years, from a top NIT. I am interested in ML. What are the safe universities for my profile?How do I learn some simple, practical ways of doing meditation? ; Where can I start to learn meditation?How do you get so many views on Quora? ; How can I have many views on my posts in Quora?What is meant by lean manufacturing? ; What is lean manufacturing?How is angle of repose calculated? ; How is the angle of repose calculated?I am an introvert. How can I control my emotions in a better way? ; How could I control my emotions and my negative thoughts?How do I check the price for HP Elitebook 8440P? ; Is it possible to modify a HP EliteBook 8440p with better software so that it works better?If Harry Potter had an Indian cast, who would you want to play what roles? ; In the 3rd Harry Potter, why did Sirius act like he wanted to kill Harry?Where can I learn to sing online? ; How can I learn to sing online?Is there a way to detect if a phone number is a burner from the Burner app? ; How do I know if my phone is tapped?What is the review for paintmywalls in Bangalore? ; What are some company reviews for Foofys solutions in Bangalore?Where can I find best Doctor in Sydney CBD? ; Where can I find best Psychologist in Sydney CBD?How do I get funding from investors for my business idea? ; How should I go about getting funding for my idea?Could a 430w power supply run a GTX 1060 and a i5 6600k? ; What is the best power supply for a GTX 670 and why?How can I delete my own question from Quora? ; How do you delete a question you asked on QuoraDoes Moto g4 plus heat? ; How decent phone is moto G4 plus? Does it heats up while using?What do you think about someone with two characters? ; A room can be paved with 1210 square tiles.If the sides of each tile were to increase by 1cm,it would take 1000 tiles.Find the dimension of each tile?My brother divorced his wife, should I delete their wedding photos from my cellphone because I miss her so much? ; Should my soon to be ex-wife give back her wedding ring since deciding she wants a divorce?How can I make 40$ a day online? ; How can I make $20 per day online?How can I find my epf number? ; How do I know my EPF account number?What causes blood in your excretions? ; What causes toxicity in the blood?Which Telugu movie will be a hit in the Sankranti race? ; What is the all time best Telugu movie you have ever seen?How can one learn Japanese well? ; How did you learn Japanese?Are the new 2016 MacBook Pros worth the upgrade? ; Is the new Macbook Pro 2016 an over priced disappointment?Which was the best film of 2016? ; What is the best latest movie?What are the 5 agents of socialization? ; What are the agents of socialization? What purpose do they serve?Should the guilty people who get death penalty be used for biological experiments or drug tests instead of finishing them off? ; Do mental health workers get tested for drug use?Why don't children love their parents as much as parents love them? ; Is it true that children don't love their parents as much as their parents love them?Is Wipro BPS tech support good? ; Is a carrer in Tech support a good idea?If there has been a real UFO, what is inside it? What controls it? Where does it go? ; Has there been an increase in UFO activity in recent years and what could be the significance of this?Who according to you is a hero? Why? ; Who are your personal heroes and why?Why do poor people deserve welfare benefits? ; Do social welfare programs promote laziness?What separates humans from other animals? ; How are humans different from other animal species?Where can I found a good quality wardrobe in Sydney? ; Where can I found best quality walk in wardrobes in Sydney?Can I do MBA with distance education with msc in food science.if yes,then how? …please answer ; Is there a way to legally own a business at 17 in the USA?What are the places yet to be discovered on Earth? ; Is there places on earth that haven't been discovered yet?How can I attend Harvard or MIT? ; How do I get into Harvard?How can I get out from addiction? ; How does anyone get rid from any addiction?What bars have turtle racing in the San Francisco Bay Area? ; When is last call in San Francisco?What are real time signals? ; Why do I have a foot pain that moves around?Does John Oliver's show "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver" use canned laughter, or a studio audience? ; Why does John Oliver still co-host the Bugle podcast even after the success of his HBO show?Why don't all months have same number of days? ; Why do different months have different number of days?How do I switch from a gas to an electric water heater? ; When should I replace my water heater?What would be the perfect job for you, what is your fantasy job? ; How many hydrogen bonds can be formed in NH[math]_3[/math]?What makes gas prices rise? How can this be stopped? ; What makes gas prices rise quickly?How long does allergy season last in North America? ; How long does allergy season last in South America?How do you cook bacon without an oven or microwave? ; How do I cook bacon in the toaster oven?Who writes the articles on sciencedaily.com? ; How do I write a good article for a magazine?What makes a man think he is better than people around him? ; Is Delhi pollution really due to Diwali's crackers?What are the top 10 web development trends in 2017? ; What are the major web development trends for 2017?What are some similarities between transcription and replication? ; What is a replication fork?What health insurance is required for L2 dependents? ; What is the cheapest student health insurance that meets the minimum requirement of PPACA and can be waived by Gallagher for an international student?How can someone open up a business in USA? ; How do I open a business in USA?Can you substitue brown sugar with white sugar? ; Can I substitute white sugar for brown?Why soft computing is termed as soft? ; What is the importance of soft computing?What kind of optics do snipers use? ; Can a soldier buy a sniper rifle used by the military or not?Daniel Ek: When will Spotify be available for Indian customers? ; Daniel Ek: Why isn't Spotify coming to India instead of the huge internet consumption India has?How do I get the person's name if I got the account number? ; Can I get the owner's name from an account number?How do I mail a letter to Canada? ; How do I mail a letter?How do I simplify 5/x-y +3/y^2-x^2? ; How can I simplify (3+2(2) ½) ½?How can I take dog by train? ; How are dogs trained?Why doesn't Hillary Clinton win the White House if she won the popular vote? ; How did Hillary Clinton win the popular vote but Donald Trump win the election?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Gobi Desert? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Great Victoria Desert?What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Austria? ; What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Australia?What are the most amazing conversations with Google Assistant? ; Why is Google Assistant mute in Google Allo app?In what ways, was President Harding similar to Trump? ; What's another way to say "hardly different than X" or "unbelievably similar to X"?How the memory functions? ; How do we have memories?What does it feel like to be old? ; How does it feel to notice your wife getting old?How can one study most effectively? ; How do I study mathematics well?How do I stop the habit of masturbating? ; How can I stop my habit of masturbation?What are the three main causes of unemployment in Asia? ; What are the three main causes of unemployment in Canada?How do you buy penny stocks on E-Trade? ; Is trading penny stocks the same as trading bigger stocks? In terms of basics?What are the best books available for future and options trading in the Indian market? ; What are some of the best books on trading in the financial markets?Where can I find a list of the best Telegram groups? ; Was the Telegram app made in India?How can I follow people in Quora? ; How can one follow someone on Quora?What are five things the Chinese do better than anyone else? ; What things do Chinese love about China, and what things do they dislike about China?What are the ways to commit suicide? ; Is there some painless way to suicide?Can I crack IBPS PO exam (2017) in my first attempt with my full dedication from now onwards? I have done btech in ECE ; Can an average student crack the IES in his first attempt?How is life in Dubai? ; How will life be in Dubai for an Indian?Do you expect a man to formally propose, or is it good enough to just mutually agree to get married? ; What is the ideal time for a Pakistani man to get married, who has just graduated and started at a good organization and has a very small family?Will salaries of nhm contractual also increase in 7 pay commission? ; What should be the expectations of ISRO from 7 pay commission?What is the politically correct term for "midgets"? ; What is the most polite and correct term to use to refer to a black person who does not live in America?What is the the difference between assembly language and machine language? ; What is the difference between machine language and assembly language?My system shows usb not recognized on the front ports but is recognized in other ports and it is not recognized on my phone? ; I am on CM12 (Yureka) and I want to use MIUI on my phone, but MIUI for Lollipop isn't avaliable yet. Is it possible to port the ROM of Mi4i in Yureka?Do political commentators (talking heads) get paid to be on TV? ; How much do people get paid to do a TED talk?Why developers will use PHP for web development in 2017? ; Can I use Python instead of PHP for web development?What are the best ways to lose weight, especially around your core? ; What are the best was to lose weight?Is there a medication for Aspergers? ; Is medication good for aspergers?What's the best way to start learning robotics? ; What is the best way to get started learning magic?What countries can I travel to without an Indian passport? ; What is the cheapest place an Indian passport holder can travel to without prior visas?Why don't we seek conviction in life? ; Why do we insist on having a president in India if he can't even pardon a condemned convict without getting heckled by the law?What is AgustaWestland Chopper Scam? ; What is AugustaWestland chopper’s scam?How can I ask the right questions in any situation? ; How do I learn to ask the right questions?What is your review of Telepat.io? ; What is your review of encircle.io?Who is the most powerful mutant in the X-Men universe? ; What is the most powerful mutant power in X Men?Is rice good for health? ; Can you suggest me some combinatorial optimization problems that, as sub-task, have to solve a shortest path problem?Should I drink protein shakes before or after working out? ; Do I take protein shake before or after the gym?How will the passing of GST bill help Indian Economy? ; What are the advantages of GST for the Indian economy?How do i find period of following functions? ; What is the coolest thing?What are the worst case scenarios if Donald Trump got his 4 years in office? ; What are some of the worst case scenarios if Trump is elected President?What's the worst hotel in New Delhi? ; New Delhi, India: What's the worst hotel in New Delhi?What book/journal can be recommended for learning NIR spectroscopy for statistician/data scientist? ; How difficult is it to gain admission to UCL for a Master of Science in Human Computer Interaction and Ergonomics?Why do girls change their profile pictures very frequently? ; Why does a girl fake her profile pictures on Facebook?Why do good people always have to suffer? ; Why do Good People always suffer?What would you do if you could be invisible for one day? ; What would you do if you were invisible for a day?Does "moto g 1st" gen get Android 6.0 update? ; Will Moto G (first Gen) get Android N update?Are there any promo codes and/or discount vendors of Squaw Valley season passes? ; What will the sale of Squaw Valley to KSL mean?Why did ceaser give the other apes a cookie? ; Why does the human nail grow more in length when compared to other animals like apes?What happened to ibeatyou.com? ; What happened to bloodshow.com?I try to identify influential authors from publication database (dblp)? Could anyone suggest a workflow, paper or available service for this problem? ; I am trying to read data from a USB serial com port in Java, but could not get it. What is a working solution for this?How long would today's satellites rotate around earth if humans would disappear immediately? ; Test pattern for Sr.Software engineer position with 6LPA in Capgemini? How should I prepare to crack this test?How was the Liberal Party of Australia formed? ; How liberal is the Liberal Party in Australia actually?Why are so many Quora questions about factual information that the questioner could easily look up? ; Why do so many people post questions on Quora that could be easily and thoroughly answered by simply typing the question into any search engine?What positions pay/salary of 7 figures or higher with a finance degree? ; What job pays 7 figure with mba?Is it okay for my relationship that my girlfriend didn't wish me a happy birthday, but she says she loves me a lot? ; I think I love a stranger from my school. Her best friend said she didn't want to have a relationship. What do I say to try to get her to like me?Do I need maths for btech biotechnology? ; I have generalized anxiety disorder. Can I still get the physical symptoms even when I'm not anxious?How many algorithms are in computer science? ; Are algorithms computer science or computer programming?Is it selfish for someone to expect you to immediately visit them after making it back in town? ; Most laziest people?How can I gain weight within 2 month? ; What are the best ways to lose weight?Is astrology real or not? ; How real is astrology?How do I know if a guy has a crush on me or not? ; How would I know if a guy has a crush on me?Should I buy bitcoin? ; Where can I buy bitcoins?What is the meaning of imperialism? ; What is the meaning of "political imperialism"?Is it bad to submit informal designer resume in software company for the role of developer? If you are a HR will you reject such a resume? ; What corrections should I make in my resume to make it a best fit for Software engineer (fresher) role?What would "an ideal girl" be like? ; What is an ideal?Is it possible to make money as a user on Quora? ; What is the best way to make money on Quora?Is the SAAB Gripen as good as the Eurofighter Typhoon? ; Is the French Rafale aircraft better than the Eurofighter Typhoon and the SAAB Gripen?How can I get rid of facial hair? ; How do I get rid of facial hair?What is the cheapest method to commit suicide? ; What is the cheapest, easiest, least painful way to commit suicide?How does Hutchinson–Gilford progeria syndrome affect/disrupt protein translation? ; How do I find out DNA ancestry to compare with famous persons like 1,2,3,4and5th cousin? And is there any services?What are the best Android apps for music consumption? ; What are the best Android Torrent apps?Is a glass wool silencer the best for a Royal Enfield of high frequency? ; Which is best for a Royal Enfield Electra, a short bottle silencer with glass wool or without? What is glasswool?What are the best books, topics, and ways to prepare for UGC NET English literature? ; How do I prepare for UGC NET English?How do you delete a private message which failed to send on Snapchat? ; How can I delete "pending" messages in snapchat?What is VAT credit? ; What is a vat?What are the best games for 2016? ; What are the best games of 2016?Did you have sex before marriage? ; Would you wait until marriage to have sex?What CIE subjects should i take in AS year if i dont know what i want to do in the future? ; I am in the second year of my BTech, CS branch and I want to become an IAS. What should be my optional subjects regarding my branch, so that I don't have to panic in the future?Donald Trump India? ; What does India think of Donald Trump?Will NATO be disbanded? ; Should NATO be disbanded? Why?What are alternatives to Amazon Wishlist? ; How do I find an Amazon wishlist?How can a turtle live in a fish tank? ; Can you keep a turtle in a fish tank?What does Prof. Walter Lewin think about the movie Interstellar? ; Where can I get the book "for the love of physics" by Walter Lewin retired professor of MIT?Why is Prime Minister Modi asking TN and Karnataka to maintain law and order when there is a problem only in Karnataka? ; What should a person do if he/she is bad in judging other people?Why is Vietnam more socially liberal than other East Asian countries? ; Why are East Asian countries generally more developed than those in Southeast Asia?A no divisible by both 3 and 14? ; Mathematics: Is 30 divisible by 2 and 3?If the radius and height of a cone are increased by 200% and 100% respectively by what percentage does the volume of the cone increase? ; What does the radius become if the height of the cone is decreased by half?How do I make crack? ; What is the best way to make crack?Who is the most overrated figure in Bollywood? ; Who is the most overrated Bollywood actress?How can I stop caring about a girl who doesn't care about me? ; How do I stop caring about someone who obviously doesn't care about me anymore?Which calculus practice books should be used with Apostol? ; What should be the heating process of hydrated copper sulphate?How Pakistan may react to the surgical strike? ; How much are the videos being released by Pakistan's news channels allegedly showing "Indian soldiers getting bombed after the surgical strike" true?How is wind formed? ; How are winds formed?Is learning Chinese difficult? ; Is learning Chinese really difficult?What are cultural faux pas? ; What are some cultural faux pas in Afghanistan?What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Utah? ; What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Kansas?How can I help or encourage my mother to lose weight? ; How do I help my mom lose weight?How do you sync your iPod to iTunes? ; How can I sync iTunes to my iPod if it doesn't do it automatically?I moved to the U.S. on my senior year and have aprox. 2 months to get ready for the SAT (or ACT). What would be the best strategy for me? ; I have been living abroad for almost 10 years and am about to move back to the U.S. (Bay Area to be exact). What advice would you give me regarding a job search, a place to live, healthcare, etc.?How do I increase body height? ; What do I do to increase my height?Why did Luna showed no expression when she heard Hermione torturing scream? ; If Jennifer Aniston is Jewish why does she always scream Jesus when scared?Who makes the best Hummus in Israel? ; Who makes the best hummus?What is it like to participate in Sing With the Champs at a BHS international convention? ; Does a capella multitrack singer Julien Neel regularly sing with any quartets or choruses?How would I go about working in Europe after I graduate? ; Is there any branch of mathematics that a computer can't perform ?Why is accounting called as a business language? ; Why is accounting called ‘the language of business’?What is the best way to treat a mouth ulcer? ; How do you treat inflammation of the mouth with small ulcers?How can webstudy csr funding online? ; How can we study csr funding online?A lot of laptops with high specs have the i7-4510U which is 2.0GHz. I'm not familiar with the differences in the variations of the i7 processors but will it be good for gaming? ; Which is the best laptop in the range of 60-70k with specifications as follows-1. 8GB RAM 2. i7/i5 PROCESSOR 3. 1 TB HDD?What can we do for hair loss? ; What are the best options for hair loss?My crush had sex in middle school, and this makes me very uncomfortable. How can I get over this? ; I keep regretting being mean to someone who might have had a crush on me a year back (We haven't met since). How do I get over this?Which is the best: iOS or Android? ; Which is better Apple Ios or Android?What's the best programming language to learn in 2016? ; What is a good first programming language to learn?Who will be in your England squad for the upcoming qualifying games? ; What are the other birth defects common with zika virus?Are Scientologists atheists? ; What do Scientologists and Moonies have in common?How can we learn faster? ; What is the fastest way to learn something?My Indian Railway tickets were on RAC. They just got confirmed. How do I get to know my seat number? ; What should Indian Railways do so that all get tickets ie no waiting.?What should I do when I feel left out and lonely? ; What should we do when we feel left out?How do I update my Aadhaar card in Bangalore if I lost my mobile number? ; I lost my Aadhaar card sometime back. I don't have Aadhaar number, the receipt, nothing. How can I get a new Aadhar card without having any knowledge of the lost one?What's the first word that comes to your mind when you hear "Quora"? ; What is the first word that comes to your mind when you hear "Narendra Modi"?As a civil engineer who knows AutoCAD and Autodesk robot, do I really need to learn to use Autodesk Revit too? Is Revit important for me to learn as a civil engineer? ; What softwares should learn in civil engineering?What is the reason behind the sudden discontinuance of 500 and 1000 notes by PM Modi? ; What is the truth behind withdrawal of 1000 and 500 rs notes in India?How is the cell membrane composed? ; What is the cell membrane composed of?What is the difference between aravam people and Tamil people? ; Why is Tamil called as Aravam (అరవం) in Telugu?What do teachers think of students? ; What do teachers think of "C" students?What is difference between data and information? ; What are some similarities and differences between data and information?How has the iPhone changed human behavior and culture? ; How can you change the IMEI of an iPhone?What are unknown and/or amazing facts about Salesforce? ; What is your review about Slack and Salesforce?Why do some German Shepherds are born mostly black? ; Which products should I use for thick and straight hair?What are the differences between Spanish which is spoken in Spain (by Spaniard) and Spanish which is spoken in Latin America? ; What are some differences between Latin American Spanish and the Spanish in Spain?Is there anyone up for the ICC T20 fantasy cricket league? ; Why does ICC considers West Cricket Team's act in World T20 final as disrespectful?Why do I keep dreaming about my ex boyfriend? ; Why do I keep dreaming about my ex- fiancée?What does it mean when a guy says that you're bad? ; What does it mean when a guy says you're unexpected?What are the best and most affordable places to buy formal wear (i.e., suits, dress shirts, etc.) for young adults? ; What colour shirt and tie goes with a 2-piece gray suit?Why do joggers early in the morning and in the evening wear dark clothes and run in the streets without a flashlight, even when there are sidewalks? ; If I accept a message can I then delete that I read it?Rather, how many spiritual dimensions are there and what type of dimension is the Asral world? ; Which country should I study Environmental science (bachelors)? Germany? Or India? I am an IndianHow can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in London? ; How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Calgary?How do I stop my cravings for junk food? ; How do I stop eating fast food?What is brute force advertising? ; What is brute force?Why do the Republicans hate Hillary Clinton? ; Why are the Republicans scared of Hillary Clinton?What are some of the best story on friendship? ; Which is the best short story on friendship?If an adult is charge with an 'assault by beating' what are the odds of that person not getting a criminal record (UK Law)? ; What would motivate a group of police officers to assault an innocent black man, then charge him with multiple crimes that he didn't commit?Is it important what other people think about you? ; Should I care about what other people think of me?I am a 13-year-old boy that wants to learn how to program video games. What programming languages should I learn? How do I get started? ; I am entering the world of video game programming and want to know what language I should learn? Because there are so many languages ​​I do not know which one to start with. Can you recommend a language that's easy to learn and can be used with many platforms?Why should we brush our teeth twice a day? ; Why should you brush your teeth twice a day?How do I track my cheating partner? ; How can I track my cheating partners devices?Which are the best restaurants/pubs in Hyderabad to watch the IPL matches? ; Which is the best restaurant/pub in Hyderabad to watch IPL matches?Did astronomers really visit moon? ; What are some of the best evidence that we really did land on the moon?What are the major traits of a very strong mind? ; What does it mean when someone says that, "You're very judgemental."? If it is a wrong trait, then how do I resolve it?Hw can I hack someone's WhatsApp messages? ; How can I hack WhatsApp messages?What are the funniest and most creative ways to propose for marriage? ; What are the funniest and most creative ways to propose marriage?I'm planning to export products from Kenya to Dubai and Asia. What are the challenges? ; How do they export food products from India to Gulf?What was it like to work with Alan Greenspan? ; What did Alan Greenspan do in 1987 that was critical in avoiding another great depression? What was the negative aspect of this decision?Why do English clubs have to pay so much more than other clubs for players now? ; Why do tennis players earn much more than badminton players?How sexually active are nuns today? ; What is it like to hit on a nun?What are the best top 10 movies of Hollywood ever? ; Which is the all time best Hollywood movie?What is constant power type of load? ; What is critical load in power system?Can an atheist believe in aliens? ; What do atheists think of extraterrestrial life?What are the scheduled banks? ; What is scheduled and non-schedule banks?How do I commit suicide and make it seem like an accident? ; Is there anyway that could make suicide look like an accident?What are some ways to cancel my eBay account? ; How does military secure generic accounts used on systems required 24x7 (cannot be logged off at the end of shift)?What do Americans mean by “typical Indian Accent”? ; What characterizes an Indian accent?Is time travel possible in next 5 years? ; Is time traveling possible in future?How Donald Trump will make Mexico pay for the wall? ; How could Donald Trump get Mexico to pay for a border wall?How can I get rid of scars of the pimples on my face? Is there any cream to heal it? ; I have pimple scars on my face, how do I get rid of it?Are there any evidence that Hitler committed suicide? ; Did Hitler commit suicide?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in China? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Denmark?What is the relationship between Python, Eclipse, LiClipse and PyDev? ; How can I add pylons to Pydev Eclipse?Which Pokemon evolve with Shiny Stones? ; Can Rattata evolve with an evolution stone in Pokémon Red? If so, what type of stone?How can I make at least $20 with adfly per day? ; How much does AdFly pay per 1000 views?How do you stop Mini Westie puppies from chewing your shoes? ; What is the best way to stop a dog from inappropriate chewing?How can I kill myself? ; How do kill myself?What was the best day of your life? (Excluding family things like births) ; Can you share best day of your life?Which is the best team in ingress? ; What are the best strategy guides for playing Ingress?Can India defeat China in a full-fledged war? ; Can India defeat China in war?How do I relieve back pain? ; How do I get relief from back pain?Is Spain a rich country? ; How do I immigrate to Spain from a non EU country?How can I improve at chess? ; How can I improve at playing chess?Why do I have so many warts on my neck? ; How do I get rid of warts on my nose?Why can't I study efficiently? ; How can I study efficiently?What kind of jobs in finance are there for CS majors? ; With a Finance major and CS minor, what entry level jobs should I apply for?How do i get started on machine learning? ; What is the usual way to start learning Machine learning?How would you best describe the Engineering way of thinking? ; What is best way to learn electrical engineering?Who are some children who murdered their parents? ; Why are so many parents more okay letting their children watch violence and murder than sex and/or intimacy on television?Why are Europeans so ignorant about America? ; What are some facts that a disturbingly large percentage of Americans are ignorant about?What are some of the best websites to download movies? ; What are the best sites to download movies?What does it mean to live by chance? ; What's the meaning of living?Does Asus Zenfone Max 32GB support Volte technology? ; How can I root my Asus Zenfone Max?How does a homeopathic medicine work? ; How does homeopathy work?How could I improve my English pronunciation? ; How can I improve in English?What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Bakersfield? ; What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Northridge?What did Mary Queen of Scots look like? ; What are some of Mary, Queen of Scots' accomplishments?Why is music important? ; Why is music so important in movies?What is the difference between image processing and computer vision? ; What is the difference between computer graphics and computer vision and image processing? How they apply?How do I download movies without torrent? ; How can we download movies when torrent is no more available in India?What are the best web products to develop? ; What are the best productivity tools for web development?Where are indoor badminton clubs located around rajajinagar in bangalore? ; I'm a 23 year old girl living in Bangalore. What are some suggestions for clubs around me from which I can improve my skills?Is it possible for two narcissists to have a healthy relationship? ; Does everyone always get sleep paralysis, or does it depend on sleep position, genetics, and or time of waking?Why does the green card lottery exist? ; Why does the US lottery for diversity immigrant visa exist?How do you clean a daith piercing? ; Can a Daith Piercing diminish the frequency and/or severity of migraines?What type of government does the USA have and why does it apparently require so much money to determine its members' decisions? ; Is there any way to move to the USA at the age of 50? Which courses should be learnt? How much money is required?Do we have any real playboy here, who can share whats life of a playboy? ; What is a girl's biggest turn off?How do I gradually get fit and healthy on my own? ; How can I stay healthy, keep fit, be full of energy, vital and live longer?How did Nishchay Bhudhiraja (100 percentiler) prepare for CAT-15? ; What should be my score out of 300 to get 97-98 percentile in CAT, 15?How do biotic and abiotic factors differ? ; What is the relationship between biotic and abiotic factors? What are some examples?How do I stop worrying about what others think of me? ; How do I stop caring about what others think?How can I make 1000 dollars in one month online? ; How do I make $1000 extra dollars?Which is the Best ethical hacking Course available in India that is appropriate for networking beginners ? ; Which undergraduate degree is appropriate for pursuing a course in ethical hacking in India?Can an IAS officer go for higher studies to abroad? ; Which one is better, going abroad for higher studies or becoming an IAS officer?Is this good to move from core web development (.net) to Devops? ; What turned your awesome job into hell?What do you get when you rearrange the letters LNGEDNA? ; What foods begin with the letter K?Why is my dog throwing up yellow bile? What should I do to help him? ; Why is my dog throwing up bile and not eating?What is the main difference between electrical and electronics? ; Electrical & Electronics Engineering: What is the main function of the Stabilizer?What are the best ways to prepare to become a business analyst? ; How do I prepare for business analyst job?What is it like being in a car crash? ; What is it like to be in a car crash?Why did they decide to kill everyone in Rogue One? ; At the end of Rogue One, how did the rebels feel when they saw [SPOILER]?What would be the best firearm and caliber for concealed carry? ; What firearm would you recommend for concealed carry?Why do so many people ask questions on Quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the Web? Have they not heard of Google or Bing? ; Why do so many people on Quora ask stupid questions they could find answers to if they spent less than 5 minutes on a search engines?Why do we love our mother the most? ; Why do we love our parents?Why is it so difficult to find true love? ; How difficult is it to find true love?Is Xiaomi Mi5 32 Gb worth buying ? ; Is Mi5 32Gb worth buying now in India as price has been slashed to ₹22999?What are the best places to learn Swift development to make an iPhone app? ; What are the best places to learn iOS development in swift?If humans evolved from apes, why are there still apes? ; If human beings evolved from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys today?Are INFJ capable leaders? ; Would an INFJ make a good CEO?What is the mitochondria? What function does it have? ; What is the mitochondria? What is the main function?What is the all-time most viewed question on Quora? ; What's the most viewed question on Quora?How can I reuse the Tableau trial edition again for non-commercial purpose after its time period has expired? ; Why do people still use Tableau?Can Home Depot copy a car key with a chip if I provide them a blank key with a chip? ; What signal does a car key send to lock and open the car?What would happen if India and Pakistan reunites like Berlin? ; What would happen if India and Pakistan merged?What is one of life's simplest pleasures? ; What are life's simple pleasures?How can I prepare myself to be a good software engineer in general? In other words what makes a good software engineer? ; What is a good software engineer?Why did Hitler hate gays? ; I would not listen to what my parents asked me to study in college so they stopped giving me money. What are the things I can do to earn money?Innovation: How do I make useful household things from waste? ; What are the innovative thing you can build at home for daily use?How often does Google maps update their "satellite view" maps in Australia? ; If and when will Google Maps display real time satellite coverage of the world?What's the most difficult problem/situation you faced and were you able to solve it? ; What's the most difficult job situation you have faced & how did you solve it?Which is best institute for PHP Project Training in Surat? ; Why would fair tax be seen as bad?Is anyone about to uninstall Quora and stop using it? Why? ; Why would you stop using Quora?What do British people think about American valleyspeak? ; What do Brits think of America?I want to meet an introverted man, where should I go? I hate bars/clubs and know I would never meet the person I want to be with there. ; How do you meet new people besides going to clubs or bars?Does the JEE Main reply to the email sent by a candidate? ; What are your JEE Main 2016 marks and rank?Why do people ask questions whose answer can be easily found on the internet? ; Why do people bother to ask questions on Quora they could just google to get the answer?How can I stop worrying about what other people think? ; How do I stop caring so much about what other people think of me?Why is the war happening in Syria? Who is involved and why? ; How did war start in Syria?When is the world going to end? ; When world going to end, what you'll do at the end of the world?Where are the best places in the world to travel by train? ; How do I pack bags for train trips in India?Why have PCers dismissed the concept that a society is free because it allows the free exchange of ideas regardless of how offensive they might be? ; Why might free will be considered necessary?Why does the page for search engine answers continuously update while I'm reading something on it? ; Tell us some true Indian first night stories?How you interpet the conflict between the way of teaching and the absorbance of student in Karna-Parshuram scenario? ; What are the signs of mid life crisis ending?What has been the best movie of 2016? ; What are the best movies of 2016?Why do some dogs like to eat poo? ; Why do dogs eat feces?What is your review of Indian Institute of Management? ; What is your review of Indian Institute of Management Calcutta?Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clay County GA? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near White County GA?How did Jay Walker become a billionaire in one year? ; I have 10 million dollars sitting in the bank. How do I invest it to become a multi-billionaire in the next 10-20 years?How much does Netflix cost a month? ; What do you pay monthly subscriptions for and how much does it cost?How do I write a c program? ; How do I write this program in C++?What do prisoners often think about when they are in jail? ; How often do people escape from maximum security prisons?Could I still be pregnant? ; Can I still be pregnant?How can I see who viewed my instagram post? ; Can someone see if you have viewed public Instagram?Which gaming console should I buy: PS4 or Xbox One? ; Should I buy the PS4 or XBOX One?Where can I get my Bajaj Avenger painted matte black in Pune, and how much will it cost me? ; How do I get the Bajaj Avenger 150 in matte green?Who are the most beautiful porn stars? ; Who is the most famous male porn star?If two different dice are rolled together what is the probability of getting an even number on both dice? ; What is the probability of getting 6 at least two times in throwing a fair dice 4 times?How can I lose 25 pounds in a month? ; What are some alternatives ways to lose 30 pounds in 1 month?Can I use Google analytics on evaluating various company's websites without actually being owner of those websites? ; Where do businesses trade currency, with banks or with brokers? And which are the most famous brokers?How do I prepare for UGC NET English Literature exam? ; How do I prepare for UGC NET English?What is the difference between 4-6 reps and 8-12 reps in weight lifting? ; Is there a difference between lifting 12 reps and 15 reps?Why do some Americans wrongly think Russia would conquer Europe without the few thousand US soldiers stationed on the continent? ; Why did the US and USSR have tens of thousands of nuclear weapons when only a few hundred would've been enough to destroy the other country?How do I hide my friend list on Facebook? ; Is there a way I can see what my friend has been liking on Facebook?What are the best places to visit in Pakistan? ; What are some of the most beautiful places in Pakistan?What is OneCoin and is it legitimate? ; Is GEDforFree.com a legitimate site?Is it enough to practice all type of 10 years question paper to score 90% in cbse class 12?  ; Where can I get the CBSE class XII mathematics question paper held this year (2015)?How do you remove pilling from a sweater? ; What is the best way to remove lint from sweater?Is being a single better than relationship? ; Is being single or being in a relationship better and why?Who is the most inspirational person to you? ; Who is the most inspirational person ever?What are the best companies for website designing? ; What is the best website design company?Does superfluid DM ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment even though physics is too screwed up to figure it out? ; Does a superfluid dark matter which ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment relate GR and QM?What are the best places to travel to in Europe? ; What are some of the most amazing places to visit in Europe?I'm a girl. Why is it that my dog keeps on coming near to my groin area and tries to lick it? What should I do? ; My cat loves nursing on my nipple (I'm a male), he gets angry when I pull him away. How do I get him to stop?What is the meaning of 'subsisten' in Indonesian language? ; What does 'bribik' mean in Indonesian language?How do asides and soliloquies differ? ; Is there any better tile based path finding algorithm better then A*?I forgot my ID and password. How can I log in into my Jio? ; I forgot my Gmail password and the alternative mail ID (Yahoo) password too. What can I do to retrieve any of the passwords?What are the things that you do on a day-to-day basis which you hope can be made more convenient? ; As an eCommerce business, what is the biggest problem that you deal with on a day to day basis?What would happen if humans go extinct before other species? ; Will humans go extinct if all other animals die?Which DLP is the best for the JEE? ; What coaching has the best distance learning program (DLP) for IIT-JEE?How should you deal with friends who constantly ask for help, but when you struggle they don't even bother helping? ; I don't feel like lending my hard earned money to friends when they ask for help. I lost some trust by saying no. Am I correct?Would an external USB 3.0 CD/DVD drive be faster than an external USB 2.0 CD/DVD drive? ; Does a USB 3.0 port charge devices faster than a USB 2.0 when used with the same cable?What are the most important current women's rights issue in Germany? ; What are the most important current women's rights issues in Pakistan?What are some popular method to do suicide? ; What are the best methods for suicide?Is hypnotism real? If yes, how does it work? Can you give a real life example? ; Is hypnotism real?Do you think homosexuality should be legalised in India? ; Should homosexuality be legalised in India? Why or why not?Who invented and designed the human heart? ; Who designed and invented the human heart?How is the IAS coaching in DIGMANI EDUCATION (Alok Ranjan's),DELHI? ; I found a serious bug with a product company and reported them but they did not even acknowledge my efforts. Should I go public ?Are there slums in the US? If so, where are they located at? ; Are there slums in Hong Kong?What does "the universe is rarely lazy for coincidence to occur" mean? ; What does it mean if someone rarely makes eye contact when speaking to people?What does surgical strike mean? ; Why is a surgical strike named so?How would astronauts navigate on the moon? ; Did any astronauts ever fall down while walking on the moon?Something simple, yet important. Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton? ; Why should I vote for Hillary instead of why I shouldn't vote for Trump?What are your favorite Chinese foods? ; What's your favorite Chinese food ?How does a person with no US credit history rent an apartment? ; How do I rent an apartment with no US credit history? I'll be leaving Singapore in a few years for America.What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Franklin County AR? ; What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Union County AR?How did you overcome porn addiction? ; What is the most effective way to break a porn addiction?What is the structure of the pleural membrane? What is its function? ; What are the functions of the cell membrane?Does English have dialects? ; Is Indian English more formal than other English dialects?What do you think is the best way of learning a piano? ; What are some tips for learning the piano?What are some cool facts about A. R. Rahman? ; What are the less known facts of A. R. Rahman?How safe is it to visit Cuba? ; When is the best time to visit Cuba?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Audiovox? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at AT&T?What is the funniest joke you ever told, heard, or read? ; What is the best joke you've ever hear?Can I make money on YouTube by uploading other people’s videos such as cartoons or TV shows? ; How can I protect my videos on YouTube from being copied and uploaded by someone else?Is there a website dedicated to customer complaints? ; What are the best websites for customer complaints?Since Facebook is illegal in China, does that mean having Facebook account also illegal? ; My dad always yells at me and causes me anxiety. How do I fix this?How do I succeed in an interview? ; How do I fail in an interview?What does it mean when you dream about your crush talking to your mom? ; What does it mean when you dream about your crush's mom?How much time should you take in answering a Quora Question? ; In how much time Quora answers any question?What happened to Ning as of July 2016? ; Is Mightybell just Ning redone?What is the best crossover setting for subwoofer? ; What are the best crossover settings for a subwoofer?Can I install Pulsar 220F headlamps into a Pulsar 220 Street Fighter? ; Is Pulsar 220 F good?What is business plan conceptualization? ; How good is business of supplies to hospitals?How can I treat purple spots on my tongue? ; How do you treat a tiny blister on the tongue?What is the chemical composition of fire glass? ; What are chemical compositions of glass?What are some great snack ideas for a sleepover? ; What are some snack ideas for a sleepover?Why do people like to read Stephen King novels? ; What kind of novels do people like to read in present India?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Universal Insurance? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at SolarCity?I have a drug test tomorrow and I smoked marijuana 2 weeks ago. How can I increase my chances of passing? ; If I smoked 2 weeks ago, how do I pass a drug test?Is the girl I met on live chat real? ; What is the best framework for live chat application?What is a Crush Card in "Yu-Gi-Oh!"? ; What is the Crush Card Virus card in Yu-Gi-Oh?How do I unarchive a conversation on Facebook Messenger? ; Why does my unread archived messages in Facebook show as read when I unarchive them?How can I make my eyes look slanting? ; How can I make my eyes look better?What should be the first programming language learned to develop games? ; Which programming language should I learn if I want to develop gaming apps?How can I clear CPT 2017? ; How can I prepare for CA CPT?What will happen after you send your sat score university? ; What happens after you send your SAT scores to universities?Does infosis financially support further education (like MBA)? ; Does TCS financially support further education (like MBA)?What do I do when my hair is too blonde? ; What do I do with my hair?How do I get better at developing a new skill? ; How do I learn new skill?Who is the most interesting person you've ever sat next to on a train? ; Who is the most interesting person you've ever sat next to on an airplane?Do Indian students get permanent jobs in Germany after completing a master's in mechanical engineering? ; Is it true that foreign students doing an M.S. in Germany don't get jobs after they finish their studies?Can you suggest a cool, memorable name for a human resources/recruiting startup? ; What is your review of Startup Names?How did See full summary (2017 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made? ; How did See full summary (2016 movie) get greenlit? What's the backstory of how the movie got made?What are the big Software product companies based out of Chennai? ; I work in services company as a Software engineer. I am looking to shift to the companies which are product based. How I can do that?Do you own a firearm? If so, why? ; Do you own a firearm? If no then why? If yes then how do you practice "gun sense"?How good is the casting for Spider-man Homecoming? ; Did Marvel pick the right cast for Spider-man Homecoming?How do I increase our height after 21? ; How can I increase my height after 21 also?How do I turn off the screen overlay in Samsung j7? ; How can I change the screen overlay setting in Samsung J7 with Android marshmallow?Is an adopted Chinese person without Chinese friends or family as smart as one connected to the collective? ; Why did the Chinese never adopt word spacing?What would you say is the one thing that got you where you're at today? ; What is the one thing that made you the person you are today?Shayri on love Gujarati lyrics? ; What is a capillary wall? What are its functions?How can the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes increase the Indian economy? ; How is banning 500 and 1000 INR going to help Indian economy?Can I make 10 million a year as a day trader? ; Can I make 50 million dollars day trading?What is the most looped Vine? ; How do I use Vine?Where can I get scholarship for data science in Asia? ; Where can I get scholarship for data science?Can a human achieve immortality by 2040 with nanotechnology? ; What would the requirements be for a human being to be physically immortal?What is a suitable solar panel installation provider near Paradise, California CA? ; What is a suitable solar panel installation provider near Tulare, California CA?What are the best sites to get your poem published in Hindi? ; I want to get a book (Collection of Hindi Poems) published. How do I go about it?Does age difference matter in love? ; Does age matter in love?How should I go about doing my holiday baking? ; Why don't banks employ only commerce graduates?How does the number of electrons, protons and neutrons determine the characteristics of any element? ; What does the number of neutrons in an atom determine?Will it be possible to make spaceships that can travel at light speed? ; Is it possible to travel at the speed of light?What do I need to do to get into MIT? ; How can I get admitted to MIT?How can I get a neighbor's WiFi password? ; How can we get our own PC wifi password in Ubuntu?What is the relation between yudhishthira and Shakuni? ; Concept of many god?What are examples of a pun? ; What are puns? What are examples of puns?What is cancer? ; What is mesothelia cancer?When are lethal doses morphine used? ; What is the lethal dose of morphine and why?What is your review of Blind (2007 movie)? ; What is your review of Blind Mountain (2007 movie)?What are the greatest comebacks in history? ; What are some of the greatest comebacks in U.S. election history?I have failed to qualify the JEE Mains and some other entrance exams. Should I drop a year and prepare to try them again or not? ; I just scored 85 marks in the JEE-Mains 2015. Should I drop one year? Will I recover from 85 to clearing the JEE-Advanced in 2016?Is there any proof of the existence of aliens? Has anyone seen aliens? ; Is there any proof for the existence of aliens? What about all the stories we heard about them?Where will the next major war be fought in the next half century? ; Between whom will the next world war be fought?Who would win in a fight: Goku or the Hulk? ; Who would win in a fight: The Hulk or The Marvel Universe?Codecademy: What is the solution to JavaScript Quick Start Guide, Lesson 5 Question 3? ; Codecademy: What is the solution to JavaScript Quick Start Guide, Lesson 3 Question 3?How can I get a proof of address when I live with my parent and don't pay any bills? I am 19.? ; I'm 17, and I was wondering if I should take pills to lower my sex drive…Should I?I live in a town that's 70% black and I'm white. Is it bad that I feel out of place? ; What is it like to be black in China?What is nursing? ; What is it like to be a nurse in the US?What is the corporate culture like at Tiffany? How is the culture different than other companies? ; What is the corporate culture like at Premier? How is the culture different than other companies?My amplifier is producing a slight buzzing sound when i connect it to my guitar. This sound stops when i touch the strings. Whats the problem? ; What does an acoustic-electric guitar sound like?What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Dasht-e Loot? ; What is the Sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the Chihuahuan Desert?Just point me the best shoe anywhere online under 3k I want to buy it right now? ; My girlfriend wants to give me a blowjob. Right now I am just 18 and she is 16. Should I allow it?How do I become an ethical hacker? ; How can I be a ethical hacker?What kind of shoes go with skinny jeans for men? ; What are the best men's dress shoe brands?How do I apply for a Schengen Visa (Tourist) in Bangalore? ; How do I apply for a Schengen visa?Algorithm for matrix multiplication? ; Bariatric surgery and sex?How can I learn English in short time? ; How do I learn English quickly?Why am I waking up with swollen lips? How can I treat this? ; Why do I wake up with swollen lips?Is there an audio book program that will detect when I'm falling asleep and stop playback? ; How can I fall asleep at night?Why was Venice (Venizia) built on a swamp? ; How did Venice become a city built on water?How much does it really cost for storage when you are a large company? How can companies afford to give you large online storage space for free? ; How are Google, Facebook, Yahoo, etc. able to give users cloud storage space free of cost?What is the function of Loksabha, Rajyasabha, and Bidhansabha? Who are the members of each? ; How many MPs does congress party have in the loksabha?Can corn oil substitute vegetable oil? Why or why not? ; Can you substitute canola oil for vegetable oil?How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Mexico? ; How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Slovakia?What are words you most commonly associate with “your” children? ; What are words you most commonly associate with children?What is the best lesson you have learnt on Quora? ; What is the best lesson you've learned on Quora?How do you unlock a Public Mobile phone? ; How does one unlock a T-Mobile phone?Is hard work best or smart work best? ; Which one is the best to choose: smart work or hard work?How can I make the most of my college experience? ; How do I make the most out of my college experience at a public state university?Is Y-Combinator a good idea for a startup with a product tailored for the South Asian markets? ; Where can I find Campus Ambassador Program?Can you help me become fertile? Am 55 No periods Have Multiple Sclerocis Have pain relief ; Would like baby. Am 55 Can you help me become fertile? Have no periodsIs America likely to have a civil war? ; What is the most likely way America will get itself into a civil war?What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Lithuania? ; What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Israel?What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Florida? ; What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in California?What are some day trading hacks? ; What is day trading?How do I hack or spy on someone's WhatsApp conversation remotely? ; How can I hack someone's WhatsApp account?How is the word 'indolence' used in a sentence? ; How is the word 'gape' used in a sentence?I can't do push-ups, why? ; Why can't I do push-ups?How do you treat canker sores or mouth ulcers? ; What is the best way to treat a mouth ulcer?How “good” is USC Marshall-Master of Science in Entrepreneurship and Innovation? ; How is the MS entrepreneurship program at USC?Is there a speed of time? ; What is the speed of time? Can we define it?Why is Superman the greatest superhero? ; Who are the greatest superheroes in DC Universe?Find Your Dream Home in Noida? ; Why did controversial ex-Congressperson Mark Foley recently attend a Trump rally?What are the prophecies of world war 3 and will it actually happen? ; Do you think we are on the verge of World War III?What is the specific mechanism for Farby's disease? ; I would be giving my CA IPCC exam in Nov'16. Is it advisable to register for CS Executive exam in June'17?What is the best way to know how sincere someone loves you? ; How do I know if someone loves you?How can I prepare for TIFR GS Chemistry entrance exam and interview for PhD for this year's exam in December? ; How do I prepare for the JNU physics entrance exam?How do I start a grocery shop online? ; How do I start an online store?What are the characteristics of nerve impulse? ; How are nerve impulses transmitted?Has anybody noticed the sudden censoring of curse words, kissing scenes from English movie channels like HBO, Soni pix, Star movies? Do you think they are overdoing this? ; What do Albanians think of the 2008 English movie starring Liam Neeson, Taken?Is brass a heterogeneous mixture? ; What are some examples of homogeneous mixtures and heterogeneous mixtures?How can a person control anger? ; How do I control my emotions and anger?What are some nerd jokes on entropy? ; How do I reduce entropy?How do you delete Pandora stations? ; Where does Pandora get its lyrics from?What is the best way to counter Meepo in Dota 2? ; Dota 2: What is a core hero?Is time travel possible in next 5 years? ; Is time travel theoretically possible?Why is FaceTime sometimes not available? ; How can I record a FaceTime call on a Mac?How do I organize JavaScript code? ; What is the best way to organize JavaScript code?What happens to your brain if you absorb too much information in too little time? ; Can you die from too much information?Why do Catholics pray to people who are not saints? ; Why do Catholics pray to saints?How does Quora calculate how many views does an answer have? ; How are Quora views counted?What are the differences in life between Chinese and western cultures? ; What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?How can I make foreign friends on WeChat? ; What is a good way to make friends with foreigners? I am a Chinese student.Liquid cotton vs Egyptian cotton vs bamboo bed sheets? ; Which are the best-selling no-iron cotton sheets in the US?Do there exist former TUM graduates in engineering/science who have got into notable PhD programs in the US? ; I got the PhD admission to Brown in Chemistry and  the master admission to Materials Science and Engineering in Stanford. Which one is better for me?How do I connect with an IT startup? ; How can I connect with any startups?Which university has the most beautiful campus in India? ; Which is the most beautiful college campus in India?How does time exist? ; Why does time exist?How can I remove screen overlay on my j7? ; How do I turn off the screen overlay in Samsung j7?What are some very interesting Wikipedia articles? ; What are the most interesting Wikipedia articles?Can I use the words "Diet Coke" on a commercial product (specifically a T-shirt) without getting sued? ; What does Amit Ghosh recommend for passive revenue?What is the difference between a vowel and a consonant? ; English Grammar: Why can't we use 'a' as an article for both vowels and consonants?Is DBS Bank legal in India? ; How can I contact DBS bank customer care?What is your favorite R&B song of all time? ; What are your favorite songs of all time?How long does a routine dental checkup normally take in the U.S., if the patient is perfectly healthy and schedules one every six months? ; Is the Dental implant surgery painful? I am planning to get one in Sydney this month. How do I get some good doctors?What happens after you die? (Human Being) ; What happens after the death?Are the Japanese a genetically admixed people? ; Are japanese people genetically diverse?Nit silchar msc applied chemistry…what are the chances for campus placement? ; Were the Moors/Saracens a Semitic people or a Hamitic people?How does a top-less shoot get done in India for models & actresses? ; Are top male models paid more than top female models in India? Or is a model's income independent of gender?What do you think of Shifuji Shaurya Bhardwaj? ; Who is Grandmaster Shifu Shaurya Bharadwaj?Which college i should apply? ; To which colleges can I apply?What is the one thing you want the most in your life? What are you doing to achieve it? ; What is the one thing you always wanted to achieve in your life?How are long distance relationships maintained? ; Does a long distance relationship really work?How do silencers work on a Remington 770 rifle? ; How do suppressors work on a Remington 770 riffle?If I flunked 1st year MBBS and later wrote supplementary and passed, can I write my PG entrance with the regulars? ; If a student fails more than 5 times in the 1st year of the MBBS, is he eligible to write the AIIMS/JIPMER/NIMHANS entrance exams?Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015 movie): Is Finn a clone? ; What is your review of Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015 movie)?How can I get job in Accenture? ; What do you need to do to get a job in Accenture?What are the things we do in our daily life are? ; What things we do in our daily life are underrated?What is it like to be an electrical engineering graduate at Santa Clara University? ; How good is Santa Clara University's Computer Science department for undergraduates?How do I remove dried (mosquito) blood stains from my clothes? ; How do you remove blood stains from clothing?Is it necessary to learn C & C++ before learning Java? ; Is C language compulsory for learning java?How do I export a web calendar to excel (the web calendars are in Google icalendar and in my outlook)? ; I have been using Outlook.com since the first few days it was revealed. I have a legal copy of Outlook 2013. I cannot see my tasks and calendar appointments in Outlook 2013. How do I fix this?What's the placement scenario for an MTech in Instrumentation at NIT Agartala? ; What is the placement scenario of NIT Agartala?Has someone on Quora changed your life for the positive? How? ; How did Quora change your life?How can I divert someone else's calls to my phone number? ; How do I hack android phones?What are the best acne home treatment? ; What are the best home treatment for acne?What is the difference between marijuana/weed/ganja and bhaang? ; Are there any side effects of ganja (marijuana)?Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast? ; Where can I found different flavours for cupcakes at Gold Coast?What programming language do you think is best? Why? ; What is the best programming language nowadays?Why do people put ridiculous questions on Quora when they can just Google them? Huh, Huh, Huh :-/ ; Why do some people use Quora when a dictionary or Google could be used instead?Is the entropy change of a cyclic device always zero, whether it's reversible or irreversible? ; What is the change in entropy in an adiabatic system?What is the difference between the Torah and the Old Testament? ; What are some examples of the Old Testament laws?Why do I get so bored of people easily? ; Why do I usually get bored of people?How can I Increase the traffic of my blog? ; How can I increase traffic on my blog?Why do I still miss my ex after broke up for 3 years? ; Why do I still miss my ex after broke up?What should I do if your ex contact you? i Still miss her ; What should you do when an ex contacts you?Do you think that the new MacBook Pro (2016) is worth it? ; What are your thoughts on the new 2016 MacBook Pro?What is the minimum CGPA for doing an MBA in the USA? ; What is the minimum CGPA required for MBA in the USA?How can we become good friends? ; How do I become a good friend?What is the difference between a psychologist's job and a psychiatrist's? ; What is the difference between a psychiatrist, psychologist, therapist, counselor, adviser, and life coach?What does a double triangle tattoo mean? ; What does this tattoo mean?Why do people ask questions on Quora instead of Googling it? ; Why do some people on QUORA ask questions that they can easily findout on Google?What is Vyvanse used for? ; What does Vyvanse do?What would happen to Donald Trump's companies and investments if he were to be elected president? ; Could Donald Trump be a Democratic plant? Is he trying to help Hillary Clinton?How should one improve one's presence of mind? ; How can a person build his/her presence of mind?What is the best way to ask a girl out on a date? ; How do I ask a girl out for a date?What's the scope of psychology? ; What is the scope of psychology?Can you trace a lost mobile in India? ; What are the options for tracing your lost mobile in India?What are some of the best websites for downloading cracked games? ; Which are the best websites to download cracked game?Is it rude not to comment on every answer to my questions on Quora? ; Is it rude to ask more questions on Quora than you answer?Do you think Australian singer Delta Goodrem is pretty? ; Do you think Delta Goodrem is pretty?How can I find a job in China? ; How can one find a job outside of China?Is Red Bull energy drink made by bull sperm? ; Is there bull sperms in red bull?My father bought me an Acer  Aspire V15 V3-574G-341P laptop. Almost all sites are stating the battery as 4 cell 2520 mAh. What does this mean? ; How much can I sell my used Acer laptop Aspire V15?What is rocket engineering? ; How is a rocket engine cooled?How do I recover hacked Instagram account? ; How can I recover a hacked Instagram?Which is the best Mobile app development company in USA? ; What are the top Mobile app development companies in the US?What are some of the best horror movies? ; What are the best horror movies that will keep you up at night?What is the name of the song being played on Comedy Central India's "All This Month" ad? (September 2016)? ; What is the name of the song played in Comedy central India's "All this month's" ad? (February 2016)Should I write up a draft outline/letter to send in an email requesting a LoR? ; How should I phrase an email/contact a professor if I might have to remind them to finish a LOR?What is the best way to lead a happy life? ; How should and why should I lead a happy life?What is it like to be pregnant? ; What does it feel like to be pregnant?Why does the Facebook "add friend" button disappear sometimes? ; How do I find and add friends on Facebook?Can we really earn money by playing fantasy cricket Dream11.com? ; Do we need to pay tax on money withdrawn from dream11 account (fantasy cricket), Is this money counted as income?What are the green organelles in the cytoplasm of plant cells? What is their function? ; What are the functions of the nucleus in a plant cell?What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Albert? ; What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Edward?Which are some of the best movies of 2016? ; What are some interesting movies in 2016?How can you tell if someone blocked you from viewing their Snapchat story? ; Can someone view my story on Snapchat if they've blocked me?How can one earn money online without investment? ; How do I earned big money even online without investment?I had a dream about one of my old friends who used to be really close to me. Should I get back in touch with him? ; What are the chances a boy I was in a 3 week relationship with who told me to forget about him will contact me again?How long will women bleed after losing their hymen? ; How do I break my own hymen?I want to buy iphone but its fall news recently prevents me. However it is considered status symbol better than Note7 or s7 edge. So what should I do? ; Career advice for an email server administrator?I want to improve my English? ; What are some ways to improve English?Why are birthday consider so special? ; Why do people find their birthday very special?What are the practical applications of logic gates? ; What is the meaning of code written on logic gate ICs like 74HC00N?What does a penis taste like? ; How can I make my penis taste like coffee?Why does western history continue to misunderstand and MIS represent Ethiopia and the East African diaspora? ; Why is Robert Fulton significant to engineering?How do I stop my Pit Bull/English Bulldog mix puppy from humping my furniture? ; How do I stop my Labrador/Pug mix from humping my pillows?What are the functions of the cell membrane? ; What's the function of cell membrane?If more vacuum gravitational and dark energy is created as universe expands can infinite of these be created as they appear without limit? ; Is at least the potential energy of vacuum energy and dark energy infinite?What does FIT mean in the tourism industry? ; What is the current tourism industry scenario in India?How can and how long can I preserve aloe vera gel without a refrigerator? ; How do I know whether aloe vera gel is pure or not?What is the best way to use condom safely? ; How do I use condom safely?She wants us to be friends with benefits but I want a more meaningful relationship . What should I do? ; We were in a relationship but now my partner wants us to be just friends or friends with benefits. I want us to be together like before. What do I do?How do you get money during an emergency? ; How do you get money in an emergency?What is something you believe that almost nobody agrees with you on? ; What is something you believe to be true that no one else does?Who views Instagram? ; How can I know who views my Instagram profile?How strong is Hercules in Marvel comics and does he have stronger versions like Hulk has? ; Who is the equivalent of Batman in Marvel universe? Is there any superhero in Marvel who could be compared to the Batman and come out as an equal if not better?How is L&T Technology Services IPO? ; What Did Allen Ginsberg mean when he said this?My DOB is 22/03/1992 , 3:10 am bhilai chhatisgarh.How is my career, marriage and Future life.Can Someone please predict? ; My DOB is 22-03-1992 at 03:10 a.m. in Bhilai- chhatisgarh. How is my career & marriage future life? Can someone Please predict my future and guide me?What would have happened if Nazi Germany won WW2? ; What if Germany won WWll?What are the best cures for pimples and oily skin? ; What is best whitening cream for oily skin men?Why are blue and red neon lights illegal or restricted for commercial uses in Colombia? ; Why are blue and red neon lights illegal or restricted for commercial uses in Mexico?Will there be a war between the United States and Russia in 2016? ; Russia is apparently preparing for war with the United States. Is this very likely in the immediate future?Is there anyone who had bhild their own algorithm? ; When will honor 4x get nougat update?From where should I start to become hacker? ; How should one start if one wants to become a hacker?Could a party put someone on their ballot without their approval? E.g. could the Green Party put Sanders on their ballot without his approval? ; Are not adults aware that they're childish when they don't take teens seriously for being "childish"?What are the best gifts that you have ever received? ; What is the best present you have ever received?What are some haunted/spooky places in Delhi? ; What are the best haunted places to visit in Delhi?What are the best men's t-shirt brands? ; Which brand is the best to buy t-shirts with round neck?Which Quora policy Vichitra Zawar violated leading to his account getting banned? ; Will Quora Moderation explain why a particular user was banned?How do I get ripped? ; I am 5'10 and 140 pounds. How can I get ripped?How valuable is the Mona Lisa? ; What is the importance of the Mona Lisa?How does currency work? ; How do currency's work?Are tied bike pranks legal in the US? ; Is it legal to own a grenade in the US?Why Santa Claus is an old man but not an old woman? ; Why is Santa Claus a man?Who will win this presidential elections 2016? ; Who will win the 2016 presidential elections?What books best depict the culture of Lesotho? How do they do it so well? ; What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Lesotho?What is the best way to be more interesting? ; What should I do to be interesting?How can you write a reflective paper about yourself? ; How do you write about yourself?How can you make stretch marks go away? ; What are some ways to make stretch marks go away after losing weight?Is time travel possible in next 5 years? ; What is the possibility of time travel becoming a reality?How do I get motivated to study very hard? ; How should I get motivation to study hard?Which is the best college for MBA in Delhi? ; Which is the best college to do an MBA in Delhi?Is there a way to block someone's Snapchat story without removing them as a friend? ; Is there any way to view the person's profile if you have their username on Snapchat without adding that person to friends?Is it safe to apply tooth paste to your skin to remove black heads? ; How can one remove sun tans and lighten the skin back to its original color?Can a guy like you even though he doesn't show it? ; My boyfriend wants to stay home and be lazy. I want to travel and go camping. Why doesn't he want to do these things with me, even though he used to?Corruption the root cause of all evils? ; Is corruption the root cause of all evil?How does Wikipedia earn money (other than obvious ways like donations)? ; How does Wikipedia earn money?What is NP-Completeness? ; What are P, NP, NP-complete, and NP-hard?Does centrifugal force always acts or only in case of non inertial frame of reference? ; Does Einstein's first postulate of special relativity extend to all non-inertial frames or only to gravitational ones?What are the career choices for middle aged financial product sales professional in India? ; Mention the purpose of providing capacitor in auxiliary winding circuit of single phase induction motor?How do I maintain my weight loss after a GM diet? ; Is the GM Diet Plan an effective and advised diet plan for weight loss?Is 8 gb of ram enough to program on Linux in a vm? Also, is the base MBP13 able to run civ 6? ; Car Rental Service at Paris Airport?"How to move pre installed apps to SD card?" ; How do I move apps to the SD card on the 816G?There's a company called Jiffy Software in Vancouver that claims they had a part in authoring the apps for NetFlix on the iOS and android platform. Is there any validity to their claim? ; Why is Netflix a good app?How did RBI know that Urjit Patel would be RBI governor 6 months before and start printing the 2000 rupee notes with his signature on them? ; As I heard that currency was in printing 6 months ago then how can it has Mr. urjit Patel's signature as his name was announced on 23rd August?How can I make the best of my B.tech life? ; How can I make my b.tech degree worthwhile from a bad private college?Why is hydrogen so combustible? ; Is helium combustible? If so, why?If you traveled back in time, at what point would you no longer be able to understand English speakers? ; If an English-speaking person was to go back in time in England at what point would he or she no longer be able to understand the English language?What you will do if some one breaks your heart? ; What is cut off for accenture?Where can I get all standard electrical services in Sydney? ; Where can I get safety electrical services in Sydney?My laptop works slow! How to make it faster? ; How do I make my laptop work fast?How do people deal with procrastination? ; How to deal with procrastination?How can I repair a loose micro-USB cable? ; Who make the best micro USB cable?How do I get rid of acne and its spots? ; How do I get rid of acne naturally?What is the best way to earn money through online? ; What are some best ways to earn money online?Is burn data to bluray media can cause loss quality of data such mp4 video and jpg photo format? ; Instagram. Can I add locations to my photo map of photos taken and posted without GPS data once home without deleting the post?Should startup companies work with a recruiter to hire new talent? ; Is there a place for all startups hiring talents?Do universities in Australia send a rejection mail? ; What is the maximum training period for an employee in Government sector?How did Donald trump won US presidential election 2016? ; How did Donald Trump win the presidency?How is a common man benifited/affected by GST? ; How does the GST bill benefit the common man in India?What are the options available in wrap text? ; Which are the options available in wrap text?What is the best dictionary app for iPhone and iPad? ; What is the best free offline dictionary iPhone app?Why do Indians care so much about what other nation's people think about them? ; Why do Indians think a lot about what others think?What mixes well with peach vodka? ; What mixes well with vodka?Impacts of poor study skills to studence performance? ; Impacts of poor study skills to students performance?What do you usually talk about with your friends? ; What is your favourite thing to talk about with your friends?How do you decide on how much shares to give your investor? ; How much of your company should you give to an investor?What it means if another girl whom you assume to like your bf (ex now) saves your number on whatsApp to keep a tab or be like you?Read below ; What are the cute things to do for your friend (girl) to whom you like?Do transsexuals have telepathic abilities? ; Do plants have the ability to feel just like humans?Can you edit an answer on Quora? ; Can I ask an answer on Quora?Does wife swapping exist? ; Why is wife swapping done?Is Meetme a good website? ; What are some websites similar to MeetMe?What is MIT Media Lab actually? ; What is it like to be in MIT media lab?What happens after a car accident with no police report? ; I just got run off the road by a car — no damage to me or my bike.  Do I report the driver to the police?Will Russia nuke the us? ; What are the chances of Russia nuking the US?Is Django CMS a good starting point for a software port from a Windows installable application to a cloud based service? ; I am working in a software company from 3 years for a Windows-based application. Is it better to continue in the same technology?Why is Google changing its UI to AngularJs Technology even many results and study shows that AngularJs kills SEO Technology? ; I'm an IT guy who loves to learn algorithms and data structures in deep, is it a good choice or should I learn a trending technology like AngularJS?How many subjects did you fail in chemical engineering? ; How many chemical engineers are working in Intel, approximately?Why are humans never satisfied? ; Why are some people never satisfied?What are the good career option after b.tech in electrical engineering from an NIT? ; What are the career options after electrical engineering excluding joining the MNCs?Was the Iraq war a hoax? ; Did the war in Iraq really happen?What do I need to join the Masters program at the Harvard Graduate School of Education? How much does it cost? ; What are the entry requirements for a masters program in Harvard university?Can we loose belly fat by walking daily? ; What are the best ways to reduce and eliminate belly, abdominal, and thigh fat?What is the Microsoft technology stack all about? ; What are some interesting facts about Bill Gates?How do you get licenses for games while starting a game cafe? ; I recently can't see title and comments sections of the videos on youtube. It just says "network error 500" or 503 where all these sections were. Why?Why isn't Latin America considered a part of the Western civilization? ; To what extent is Latin America part of 'the West'?In which countries can dogs travel on public transportation without a muzzle? ; What countries allow dogs on buses without a muzzle?What are the issues faced by users during Reliance Jio free trial? ; What could be some of the likely drawbacks in using a Reliance Jio sim?What is a Darth? ; Why did Darth Sidious kill Darth Plagueis?What are benefits of reading books? ; Which really are the benefits of reading?Who was the man that killed the most people in human history? ; Which individual in all of history killed the most people?who will win Punjab election? ; Why is India unable to see Pak based terror camps through satellite images?How do I run FIFA 15 on Windows 8? ; How do I download and install Fifa 15 on my laptop (Windows 7)?Which CNG kit shall I fit to my maruti sx4, lovato or tomesetto? ; How CNG cars work?What should I do if I'm afraid of failure? ; How do you conquer fear of failure?How do shock collars hurt dogs if not used properly? ; Are dog shock collars humane? Why or why not?What's your next big thing? ; What are the next big things in IT?What is difference - If I invest monthly/weekely a selected amount in any mutual fund VS making a SIP? In terms of charges? ; I have invested in three ElSS fund though Demat account which is having more charges 0.15% of SIP amount each month, can I avoid this charges by investing in mutual fund by other means which is having less charges?Do you think its better to partner or collaborate than to compete in business? ; Do you think it is better to put a lot of efforts in finding love or leave it to fate?What is the best massage oil blend for massage quality, feel, popularity among therapists, and skin? (example Grapeseed 75%, Apricot 15%, Jojoba 10%) ; What do cops think of the BLM movement?How can I get rid of bad habits? ; How can I get rid of my bad habits?Should I vote for Trump so Clinton is not elected? ; Why do you vote for Trump?How do I stop falling in love too fast? ; How can you stop falling in love?Which language should I choose as a medium for writing the UPSC exam? ; Is there any issue in writing the medium of exam as Hindi in the language paper of UPSC, if your medium for other papers is English only?What is the longest running TV series ever? ; What is the longest running series in the history of television?Which is the best IT company? ; Which are the best IT companies?What is the difference between lard and suet? ; What's the difference between compote and jam?What is the most popular porn niche on Internet? ; What are the most popular/viral hoax of the internet?How do I take input from STDIN in Python? ; How do I get input from user in python script?What are some of the best part time jobs to do from home? ; What is the best part time job to work from home?Which are some of the best dialogues from Hindi television shows? ; What are some great Bollywood movie dialogues, which either entertain you, or inspire you, or motivate you?What is the cut off of KVPY SA stream? ; What is the expected cut off for KVPY SA 2016?What is the evidence of King David's existence? ; What is currently the best archaeological evidence for the historicity of the biblical King David?How can you make bullet points under a bullet point on wordpress? ; What is a bullet point?Why are ticks so prevalent compared to years ago? ; Paleontology: Why are the animals from the Pennsylvanian period (320 Million years ago) so ugly to our modern eye?What is human body made up of? ; What are you made of?How should I cope with the death of my cat? ; How can I get over the death of my cat?What is the world's view on the design of India's new ₹500 and ₹2000 notes? ; What do you think of the design of the new ₹500 and ₹2000 notes?What universities does National Storage Affiliates recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Public Storage recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?Should I accept my parents choice for marriage or my love against my parents? ; Should I marry with my parents choice or my choice?In writing, is it okay to start a sentence with 'and', 'but', 'or'? ; Is it okay to start a sentence with also?Can having a UX design mentor make it easier to break into the field or land a good job? ; With the increasing trend towards IoT, is it necessary to have a formal education or work experience in physical UX (e.g. automotive speech-interface interaction) to break into more physical UX or would it become a natural part of work as a UX designer?How can I just be myself? ; How can I not be myself?What is there to do in Dubai? ; What should I do in dubai?What is the first programming languange to learn for a total beginner? ; As a beginner, which programming language should one learn at first and what steps should one take after learning that first language?What is the best book to read for a teen? ; Which is the best book for teens?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Catalyst Pharmaceuticals? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at West Pharmaceuticals?What are the effects of Shani sade sati? ; What are the effects and remedies for sade sati, for dhanu (sagittarius) rashi?What are the creepiest paranormal experience you have had? ; What's the most haunted experience you have ever had?What is story discussion? ; Can EMF be equal to Potential difference?Why don't we build cities under the sea or off the coasts of popular cities? ; Why don't we build cities in the ocean?How do I shave my chest and stomach? ; Should I shave my chest?What is the difference between chart and graph? ; What is the main and most important difference between a line graph and a line plot?Why do we need to use Quora when we have Google to search for answers? ; Why use Quora when Google answers almost everything?Can we create artificial gravity? ; Will it be possible to create gravity without mass?A report on the procedure of purchasing and selling shares through DEMAT Account? ; A report on theprocedure of purchasing and selling shares through DEMAT Account?What are the different types of energy? How are they used? ; What are the different types of potential energy?Which combat aircraft will the F-35 not replace? ; When will we see the first dogfight/aerial engagement  between the F-35(A?) Lightning and the F-22 Raptor, or other existing combat aircrafts?Where can I find pending request on instagram? ; I have a private account on Instagram. If I request to follow someone, do they see my profile?Why do Indians consider hockey as their national game? ; Do you think that day by day cricket is becoming our national game rather than hockey?What is the green tick in IMO app? ; How is your feeling on getting that "little green tick " on Codechef after multiple WA's and incorrect submissions?What is the actual source of gravity? ; What is the source of gravity?What is the nicest thing a stranger has done for you? ; What is the wonderful thing that a complete stranger has ever done for you?Should I ask my work colleague out for a drink? ; Should I ask a coworker out for drinks?Where do I get the TM-Fly in Pokémon Sun and Moon? ; How do you get Fly on Pokemon Emerald?How will I get refund of fees from IHM Gandhinagar or national council for hotel management and catering technology? ; What salary can I get after HM form IHM?What does it feel like to be lonely? ; How does it feel to be lonely?How do I post a question in Quora? ; How do I post here?Are the Chinese the NEXT imperial rulers of Indian subcontinent after the Muslims and the British? ; Why didn't the Muslim rulers of India invest in establishing universities in the subcontinent?What is the scope of interior designing in India? ; What is the scope of doing interior designing in India?What is a retailers’ cooperative? ; What are 10 things the United States does better than European countries?If I am applying for a position at a company, is it ok to look up seniors in the position from the company through LinkedIn and send them inmails? ; When applying to a company, is it OK to apply for radically different positions?What should a I do if the girl I love is cheating on me? ; What should I do if the girl I love hates me?How do Chinese feel when they go back to live in China after living abroad for 4-5 years? ; What's a good city to live in China other than Beijing or Shanghai with a 5 year old kid?I pointed my mx records to Google email server. Now i am not receiving any email in my existing email addresses. I want it to be a dual delivery on both systems, existing email and Google app email. any help? ; A recruiter from Google HQ emailed me last year, now I want to apply to Google in another state. Should I email the recruiter for a recommendation?How do I search for entry level software developer jobs? ; How do I find entry level developer jobs?How do I start degital marketing business in dubai? ; How can we start retail business in dubai?What will Android 9 be called? ; What will Android 8 be called?How can I come out to my family? ; How do I come out to my friends?What is meant by services in economics? ; What is meant by economics?Who are the most impressive US military commanders? ; Who was the best military commander in US history?I lost my PAN card and I want a new one with the old PAN number. How should I proceed? ; I lost my PAN card. Is it possible to get it reissued. I have the PAN number and a photo of the same. If yes, what is the procedure?What is the difference between salary structure of RRB scale 1 and IBPS PO? ; What is the difference between rrb po and ibps po?What are the chances of being rejected after giving HR round in CTS? ; What are the chances of being rejected after giving HR round in tcs?Do employees at Spark Energy have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at SM Energy have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?Disadvantages of Revit? ; Why are more people now saying "inside of it", instead of "inside it"?I have a barren land and it has become a liability. I am willing to rent it to a mobile communication tower company. How can I start my procedure? ; What is the procedure to get a mobile signal tower constructed on my barren land in India?Linguistics: How to self-study linguistics?  ; How do I study linguistics?What are the differences and similarities between capitalism and communism? ; How do capitalism and communism differ from each other?Why are the farthest galaxies considered the oldest ones? ; Why didn't Tamil get world recognition as one of the oldest surviving languages?What is the stupidest thing you ever did? ; What is the dumbest thing that you have ever done?What are the 10 must see action movies? ; What is your favorite James Bond movie and why?What measures can be taken to increase the height at the age of 18 of a boy? ; Until what age does a boy's height increase?What are some good qualities of an entrepreneur? ; What are good qualities for entrepreneurs?How does department of children and families earn money? ; How effective is Yogoda training?What is the best sex experience you have ever had? ; What was the best sexual experience you've ever had?How is telling a non-Christian they are going to hell an expression of love? ; How is telling someone they are going to hell (for their religious beliefs) an expression of love?What is your favorite music video clip? Why? ; What are your favorite music and video clips?What is the difference between working stress method and limit state method in the design of beams, slabs, columns, and footing with examples that are easy to understand? ; How can we cast a concrete slab if we have steel sections for both the beam and columns?Can anyone give me a link to website that can give me coins on pokemon Go without human verififcation? ; Are there any animal species where the female looks for the male to mate?What is the best programming language for hacking in the world? ; What is the best programming language for Hacking?Is Tufts University a good college (moreover, a good engineering college)? ; Is Tufts University a good school to study engineering?Is there any NGO in Mumbai for which I can work as volunteer on weekends? ; Is there any NGO in Mumbai for which I can work/volunteer?What is the one thing you would like to do if you came to know you had only 24 hours left with you? ; What is the one thing you would like to do if you came to know you had only 1 hour left with you?Do girls get bored with a husband or a boyfriend who showers her with kisses, hugs or too much touching? ; How do I deal with a husband who is way too much into his news feed on Facebook?Who was the first gentleman that started turning students in to cock as punishment? ; Who was that first gentleman that started turning students in to cock as punishment?What is cerber 3? ; What is cerber?Can I slap "Forever" stamps on a letter to Canada? ; Can I use multiple Forever USPS stamps to make up a certain postage amount, on a postcard bound to an international country?What barriers prevent organizations from adopting pair programming? ; What are the benefits and tradeoffs of pair programming?How does the demonetized notes of 500 and 1000 effect the real estate? ; What will be impact of 500 / 1000 notes ban on real estate?What are some good chat websites? ; What are the best chatting websites?How do I maintain interest in web programming? ; How can I increase my interest in web programming?What are the best places to visit in Kerala? ; What are the best places to visit in Kerala for 3 to 4 days?How can I stop spending money recklessly and living day to day? ; How do I spend 20 days in Thailand for a couple? And how much money is required?How can I prepare for kvpy exam in just two months? ; How can we prepare for the exam in a month?Why is that Antarctica is considered both an ocean as well as a continent? ; Why is that Antarctica is considered both as an ocean as well as a continental landmass?What determines the value of a porcelain doll? ; What dolls are similar to Monster High dolls?How can I prepare for civil services? ; How should I start my preparation for the IAS exam?What are some sample excuse letters for being absent in a college class? ; What's a good excuse to use in a financial aid appeal letter?Why do cats get scared when you place a cucumber in front of it? ; Why cats scared by cucumbers?How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money? ; How will replacing 1000 notes with 2000 notes going to stop corruption and black money?How do I stop feeling sad? ; How do I stop feeling sad about nothing?What is hangul? ; What is the most beautiful word in the Korean language?How can I creative? ; How can I become creative?How can I understand SHA-1 algorithm? What are the best examples for it? ; What are some of the best ways to deeply understand algorithms?What is a substitute for Coconut Palm Sugar? Why is it a good substitute for it? ; A T90 and a Challenger 2 simultaneously spot each other on a grassy plain at a distance of one mile in a time of conflict. Which tank wins?What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Republic Bank? ; What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Republic Services?Can hamsters eat apples? ; Can hamsters eat honey? Why or why not?Is VNIT tier 1 college? ; Is NIT surathkal a tier 1 college?What is a suitable solar panel installation provider in Kerman, California CA? ; What is a suitable solar panel installation provider near Atascadero, California CA?How do I survive the competition in online food ordering (middleman) business? ; Are there laws against passive aggressive traps?Who is the best packers and movers in India? I am planning to shift from Mangalore (Karnataka state) to Gurgaon. ; As a new web developer, is it a good idea to start development on one of the new stacks like MEAN instead of the standard LAMP stack?What are some examples of "walking dead" companies? ; What are some examples of "walking dead" startups?Is declartion statement reuired in a resume? ; Is declartion statement required in a resume?What's the deepest cut you can get with a table saw? ; What is the deepest cut possible with a table saw?What are some good resources to learn web scraping with Python? ; Where can I learn web scraping using Python?Do people make money off musical.ly? ; Can people make money by listening to music?Is there any benefit of doing MBA after MTECH? ; What are benefits of doing MBA?If you read or ignore a message request on Facebook, will they know? ; What are message requests on Facebook?What is the difference between the proxyserver and the webservices? ; My little newborn can't sleep in the mornings. What is a good why to Keep away the pigeons from our rooftop?What is it like to go from skinny to fat? ; What does it feel like to go from skinny to ripped?Is Jamie Azor Ahai? ; Is it possible that Jaime Lannister could be Azor Ahai?What are some future ways of content discovery? ; What is the future of content discovery?How do I delete my indeed account? ; How do I delete my Quora account?How can I join Indian army after BBA? ; Can a boy join the Indian armed forces after a BSc degree?What is eye power? ; What is eye power for ips?Why does India have huge population? ; Why are countries like India and China so densely populated? What are the circumstances and reasons?What toy(s) would keep an 11-month baby boy effectively occupied on a long flight? ; What are good hacks for traveling with babies / toddlers on long flights?How much money can a new grad hire at Blackstone expect to make in the first year? ; How much money does Warren Buffett's secretary make per year?How did the punch buggy car game start? ; What are some games to play in the car?Who were the Tuskegee Airmen? ; Who are the Tuskegee Airmen?What should I do to avoid sleeping in class? ; How should I avoid sleeping during lectures?How do I know whether person is lying? ; How do we know whether someone is lying to you?Could the RPK be belt-fed? ; Why don't assault rifles use 100 round beta mags or are belt fed?How good is IMT Ghaziabad? ; How can I get an admit into IMT Ghaziabad?What is parents going to look like in the future? ; What are parenting trends going to look like in the future?Should kids be allowed to draw on walls? ; Can an architect help me to draw a section of a stone wall?How can I get back my lost fair skin complexion? ; How can I get my fair complexion back?What are the main reasons why immigrants from Latin America go to the USA? ; Is preparing old version of ocajp exam is worthless and will not help in giving exam of newer version?What is there to do at the Empire State Building? ; How tall is the Empire State Building?Is it possible to initialize tensors in TensorFlow with numpy? ; Can I install TensorFlow in AWS?What is the best English translation of the Qur'an on audiobook? ; Which is the best English translation of the Qur'an?Do you believe there is life after death? ; Do you believe in life after death?Which is the best smart TV under Rs.40,000? ; Which is the best smart tv under Rs.45000?Why won't Snapchat let me sign in? ; Which is the best broadband service in Vishal Nagar, Pune?What are the best training institutes of PMP in Delhi? ; What are some good PMP training classroom sessions in Delhi, NCR?How was Nazi Germany able to technologically surpass the Allies in so many ways? ; What were Hitler's positive contributions to Germany?What is the national festival of India? ; What are some national festivals of India? How are they celebrated?How can I lose weight from running? ; How can I lose weight without running or exercising?Which is the best antivirus for Windows 7? ; Which is the best antivirus software for Windows 10?I’m 15. Is it too late to start gymnastics? ; How do I start gymnastics?How do I improve diet to gain weight? What are other options to gain weight? ; What is the best diet to gain weight?Whey is the sky blue? ; Why is the sky blue on Earth?Do tech giants lIke Google, Microsoft, Amazon etc hire someone with very good coding skill but past backlogs? ; Is Rhaegar Targaryen a villain?Why do Muslims of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh have problem accepting that their ancestors were Hindus and their conversion might be forced upon? ; Were the ancestors of Christians and Muslims in India Hindus at some point?How old is senior citizen? ; What age is considered a senior citizen? What benefits do senior citizens have?Are Muslims allowed to celebrate Christmas? ; What do Muslims think about Christmas? Are there any Muslims who celebrate it?How I use 4G network sim on my 3G mobile? ; How can I start Jio 4G sim in 3G mobiles?What does Adam D'Angelo think of Quora being addictive? ; Why can you have unidentified subscribers on YouTube?How do I hack my boyfriend’s Instagram? ; How do you get your Instagram back, once you've been hacked?What is the difference between knowledge mining and wisdom mining? ; What is the difference between data mining, knowledge mining and wisdom mining?What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets? ; What are some of the best phones tools and gadgets?How many protons, neutrons and electrons does sulfur have? ; How many protons does sulfur have?Who was the worst dressed at the 2016 Emmy's? ; Who was the best dressed at the 2015 Emmy's?What would have happened if Hitler had taken Moscow during WW2? ; What would have happened if Hitler had withdrawn German troops back to Germany from the Soviet Union in February 1942 after losing the battle of Moscow?How can I get rid from dandruff? ; How do I stop dandruff and hairfall?If homosexuality and transsexualism is caused by biological factors then why? ; What is the current scientific thinking on the cause of homosexuality?What is your favorite way to stay connected to your spouse when you work long hours? ; What is your favorite way to stay connected to your kid(s) when you're working long hours?Which is the best way to learn data structures & algorithms from beginner to advanced level? ; How can I learn algorithms and data structures from scratch?What is the most efficient way to make money? ; What's the best way to make fast cash?How did online gambling emerge? ; How can I do online gambling in India?How do I live a debt free life? ; How can i identify is the encryption a company is using is strong or not?What are the types of laboratory incubators? ; Can a snake kill a rabbit?I'm 25 and majoring in industrial engineering in grad school. I know basic statistics and limited knowledge of programming. I am a year from graduation. Is it possible I can pursue my career in data mining/machine learning? ; I am a B.Tech in biotechnology and have very little knowledge in programming languages. Currently, I am working in IT as a QA engineer/BA for the last 3 years. How can I make my career in data science?What do you do if you suspect your spouse is cheating? ; Do you suspect your spouse is cheating on you?Why are synchronous connections always a lot more expensive than asynchronous? ; Why does VC application is freezing though we have more than 10Mbps connectivity at each end. In LAN it is working fine but not on internet?Is everyone depressed/anxious at some point in their life? ; How do I get back in life and become successful from depression point?What does black money exactly mean? ; Can activation chemicals ("SSD solution" and others) be used to clean defaced ("black") money? Is this legal?When downloading a WinRAR file that came as a mail attachment, it's not opening in my system even though I have WinRAR installed. The type of that file after getting downloaded is showing as Priceless. What should I do? ; How do you use WinRAR to extract files?I am presently in 9th std and FIITJEE integrated. How much effort should I put in studying for iit? ; How much should I read in 9th standard CBSE?How long does meat last in the freezer? What can be done to preserve them longer? ; How long does meat last in the freezer?What are the puzzles asked in interview? ; What are the puzzles asked in an interview?My questions are fine. Why does Quora keep saying they need improvement? It's frustrating. ; Why do my questions on Quora need improving?How much does a captain of the Indian Army get as a salary? ; What are the cash-in-hand salaries of a: lieutenant, major, and lieutenant colonel in the Indian army?What are the advantages of separately excited DC motor? ; What are the applications of a separately excited DC motor?How does salt added to the road affect plants by the road? ; I am a EEE student can I able to successful in it industry?Can I see my video viewers on Instagram? ; How can I see who views my Instagram?What is %0|%0? ; What is 0/0?Which is best protein powder for weight gain? ; Which protein supplement is best?What is the best key logger? ; What is the best keylogging software?What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Omega Protein? ; What are some things new employees should know going into their first day at Alpha & Omega?What should I do to concentrate more on my studies? ; How do I concentrate better in my study?Can somebody translate this song to English? ; How do I translate this song into English?Are the SKY-HIGH rates of Cancer, Dementia and Autism from all the Pharmaceuticals that 60% of the Western World takes? ; What costs western countries more, cancer or dementia?Are there any films about Bill Gates? ; What are some common misconceptions about Bill Gates?How do I focus on who I am talking to? ; Want info Bahia Kino, San Carlos&Almos Mexico?How much time does it take to learn programming in unity? ; How much time does it take to learn C programming?Is it possible to impeach a newly-elected president before he is even sworn into office? If so, who needs to initiate the impeachment process? ; The impeachment procedure can be initiated in which house?What is a balanced force? What are some examples? ; What are balanced forces and what are some examples?How reliable are Mini Coopers? ; Is a Mini Cooper a good first car?How do I gain weight in a healthy way? ; How do I gain weight?How can you speak and learn fluent English like Karan Johar? ; How do I speak English fluently in half a year?What's something that can be done that science can't explain how it happens? ; Is there anything science can't  explain?Did Jesus keep the sabbath? ; When Jesus died on the cross did he do away with keeping the seventh year sabbath?Should I go to a party if I am going to be a third wheel? ; What does it feel like to go to a party being an introvert?What is your review of Hindus? ; What is your review of Hinduism?On Twitter, who is LOLGOP? ; Who is @jobsinchinese on Twitter?Is Quora an Island for left wing politics on the internet? ; Is the politics of Quora inclined towards the left wing?Where and how are neurotransmitters synthesized? ; What do neurotransmitters do?When do we expect launch of Xiaomi Mi 5s, Mi 5s plus and Mi Note 2? ; Will Xiaomi launch Mi 5s in India?What foods should you eat to make your penis bigger? ; What should someone eat to make a larger penis?What is the temperament of a Labrador-Collie mix? ; What is the temperament of a Border Collie-Rottweiler mix?What goes up but never comes down? ; What goes up, but never comes down?What life lesson did you learn the hard way? ; What are some life lessons learnt the hard way by Jimmy Wales?What are the differences between the various SEAL teams? ; What is the difference between an Army Ranger and a Navy SEAL?If you had 100 billion dollars and you knew that you would always live like a multi-billionaire, what would be the first thing that you would do with that money? ; If you had a hundred billion dollars what would you spend your money on?I want to buy a 32 inches LED Tv under Rs 20000. Which TV should I buy? Is online LED TV is safe (in terms of warranty)? ; Which is best 32 inch led tv to buy below 20,000 INR?What happens if I default on a merchant cash advance? ; What does VC mean in the merchant cash advance industry?Who are your favorite female singers? ; Who is your favourite female singer?What are some common examples of thematic maps? ; What are three types of thematic maps? How do they differ?Can I get into McGill University or University of Toronto? ; If I have been accepted to the top Canadian universities (U of T, McGill, UBC), what must I do in my first year if I want to transfer to an American Ivy League school?What is the meaning of Hindi/Urdu word 'Shiksha' and 'Taleem'? ; What is the meaning of Hindi/Urdu word 'Maqsad'?Why are men attracted to breasts? Is it nature or nurture? ; Why do men get so attracted to women's breasts?How make gigolo? ; Which industry should I target for a stable career?What is the average fee for female escort service in Las Vegas? ; How much does it cost to heat a 2br in Las Vegas?What are 5 things you should know about doing business in Cambodia? ; About my bearkup with my fiencee?Using the scientific method, can you prove that love exists or does not exist? ; Scientifically speaking, Does love exist ? And if it does, How and Why does it happen?Why does jock itch smell bad and how can it be treated? ; What is the best way to cool down the room without getting an air conditioning?How can I tell if my sunglasses are UV protected? ; Do cheap sunglasses protect eyes? How do I know if sunglasses really do protect my eyes without paying lots of money for the brand names?What's the basic difference between human intelligence and animal intelligence? ; What is the difference between human and animal intelligence?What is the Iran Judgement Fund? ; Can ISIS defeat Iran?How do I explain to my boyfriend that I feel sad that he didn't get me a birthday present without sounding petty? ; Would you feel sad if you don't get a cake on your birthday?How should Brits respond to this video? ; What is the most stupidiest thing you have ever done that saved someone's day?Which is the best book in electrical machine? ; What is the best book for electrical machines?What are the workouts to reduce the fat in the love handles or the fat at the back of the hip? ; What exercises can be done so as to reduce fat around hip?Why is Richard Muller famous? ; Why is Richard Muller so famous?What are some creative newsletter topics? ; What is a one page newsletter template?What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marion County IN? ; Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marshall County IN?What are some shows like "Bates Motel"? ; What are some shows like Bates Motel?How many crores is I billion dollars? ; How many crores make 1 billion?How do you FaceTime with a Kindle Fire? ; How can I get FaceTime on a Kindle Fire?Is it possible to sustain life in other planets? ; Is it possible that there is life in other planets?Has there ever been a guy who cums glass? ; No seriously, has there been a guy who cums glass?Why should we learn martial arts? ; Should I learn martial arts?How do prisoners masturbate? ; Can you masturbate in prison?What causes the death of a star? ; What is the birth and death of a star?What does green phone icon on messenger mean? ; What does the grey phone icon on messenger mean?How to promote travel website? ; How and where do I promote a startup travel website?Are Hijras are transsexuals or intersex people? ; How are Hijras treated and viewed in India?Was Jesus a Jew? ; Was Jesus Christ Jewish?How do I know if he is even a crush? ; How do you know you have a crush on someone?If you had to have a mathematical equation tattooed on your body, which one would you choose, and why? ; If you had to have one scientific concept, symbol, or equation tattooed on you, what would it be?What are some anime shows similar to One Piece? ; What are some good anime like one Piece?Why would someone become a porn star? ; Why do people become actors in the porn industry?Do you think these screenshots from the game "The Turing Test" are ciphers? If so, are you interested in solving them? ; Does air pressure change with planetary surface area (large planet with 1 atmosphere vs. small planet with 1 atmosphere)?What is the best Bluetooth receiver? ; What is the best bluetooth receiver for cars?What is your favorite anime and why? ; Why is your favourite anime your favourite?How did the Hebrews end up as slaves in Egypt? Why did they leave Canaan? ; Were the ancient Israelite's in Egypt chattel slaves, wage slaves, serfs, or debt peons? Slave is an equivocal word. What word is more reflective?How can naturist/nudist family have a normal life? ; Is it normal? I often get thoughts of what would life be if any of family member dies suddenly. Is it normal for this to happen?How do you cancel the startup repair process in Windows? ; How do I repair my corrupt Windows 10?Is it true that nobody has ever died due to smoking weed? ; Has anyone ever died from smoking marijuana?What is Harvey and Donna's pre-trial secret ritual in Suits? ; Why is Norma from Suits never shown?How does Uber ensure the drivers are punctual and committed to their pickup schedules? ; How does Uber and Lyft ensure the safety of the drivers?What is the best smartphone within ₹10000? ; What are the best smartphones?Why did the government of India introduced a 2000 rupee note instead of a new 1000 rupee note? ; Why has RBI introduced new Rs 2000 Rupee note and not Rs 1000 Rupee note?Which is the best book to study wireless computer networking? ; What is the best book to learn computer networking?What do you mean by an acidic character? ; Has the age of large scale conventional war come to an end in the age of WMDs?What are the best places to visit in San Francisco at night? ; What are the best places to visit in San Francisco?Is there any (positive or negative) correlation between emotional quotient and intelligence quotient? ; How do I develop a high emotional quotient?What's the point of the joke about the horse pitching in Age of Adaline? ; What is the song in the second trailer of "The Age of Adaline" (not M83 featuring Susan Sundfor)?What does it mean if someone tells you they are a psychopath? ; How can I find a good English tutor in Udaipur?How do I stay away of gay encounter from a friend? ; The DOB is 2/2/1987 on 18:40 at Saharsa, Bihar, India. Kindly help me understand the nature of Venus dasha in my natal.?What is the significance of the size of the address bus and the data bus in the processors? How is the type of the processors is defined like 8-bit, 16-bit processors, etc ; What is a 128-bit processor?How do I use whatsapp in laptop? ; How can I use WhatsApp in laptop without any emulators without any mobile phone?If you had a chance to either go back in the past and change one thing only about your past or to see your entire future beforehand, which would you choose and why? ; If you were given one opportunity to time travel, would you go back and change something in your past or would you go and explore your future? Why?Who developed makaan.com website? ; Who developed lyst.com website?Is Mars definitely habitable? ; Is Mars habitable?What is better after Diploma in Computer Science? ; What degree is better than Computer Science?What is the best way to improve my writing skills? ; How do I enhance my story writing skills?Should I join the Marines? If so, why? ; How do you join the Marines?Is the IP address unique? ; (If) IP is an unique address of a host, then why is MAC address required?How can I easily study for the 1Z0-548 exam? ; How can I easily prepare for the 1Z0-542 exam?Is it possible to change eye colour naturally? ; What can natrully change your eye color?What is the annual salary for Group leader with 11 years experience in Bosch, Bangalore? ; In IT Industry what should be the monthly take home salary and annual package of a Java Techie having an experience of 8 years and 2 Months in India?How do I know whether a guy is cheating on me or no? ; How do you know if your partner is cheating on you?How can we prove that ghost exists with scientific proofs? ; Are there any scientific proof of existence of ghosts?Where can I get various range of stylish ceramic floor tiles in Sydney? ; Where can I found a leading manufacturer and supplier of ceramic porcelain tiles in Sydney?Where can I get best legal support for property transaction in Sydney? ; Where can I get all types of legal advisory services for property transaction in Sydney?What are the best tools for SEO? ; What are the best tools for SEO automation?Is it ok to feed asparagus to dogs? ; Is asparagus bad for dogs? Why?What are the best comment on friends picture? ; Who is your best friend ? post his/her picture.What are the pros and cons of using integrated marketing communication? ; What are the pros and cons of a marketing launch?Why do I have asymmetrical eyes? ; Are my eyes asymmetrical?How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Sahara? ; How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Colorado Plateau?How do I block someone in Quora? ; How do I block annoying people on Quora?What is the title of the Jackson Pollock's painting in the movie "The accountant"? ; What is Jackson Pollock's best painting?How do I improve my speaking? ; How do I improve on my public speaking skills?How is the partial pressure of CO2 in the atmosphere determined? ; How to calculate partial pressure of CO2?What is said in the New Testament about tithing? ; Where does the New Testament support the concept of tithing?How do I reset a Gmail password? ; How can I change my Gmail password?I traveled on H1B while working in a company in India. Will it be a problem for green card process? ; In India we are having Aadhar card, voter card, ration card, PAN card. Will it not be better to unite all of these into a single card?What is the difference between transexual and transgender? ; What is the difference between a transgender and a transexual person?Is one’s child more likely to get Tourette's if schizophrenia runs in the family? Are the two related? ; Are the Chinese families with more than 1 child usually the richer ones in China given the cost of violating One child policy?When I apply for a job and the company contacts me back, I automatically think there's something wrong with them. Why? How can I stop this? ; Does hard disk turn off in sleep mode?Which is the best hotel management college in NCR? ; What are the best hotel management colleges in delhi?What is the average cost of a liquor license in California? ; What is the average price of a liquor license in the state of California?How do a calico cat and a tortoiseshell cat differ? ; What is the difference between calico and tortoiseshell cats? What are some examples?What are some good historical documentaries and why? ; What are some good historical documentaries?How can I find my path and my dream job? ; How can I find my dream job?Why is carbon dioxide more in venous blood than arterial blood? ; Does high blood sugar levels damage the capillaries more than it damages the arteries and veins?How do I become a real estate agent in Texas? ; How do you become a real estate agent?What exactly does the relative humidity of concrete mean? ; What is the meaning of relative humidity in concrete?Was the Canada US free trade agreement and then Nafta good for Canada? ; Is NAFTA good for Canada?If I eat a little cyanide each day will I become somewhat tolerant to it? Think "The Princess Bride" ; Has anyone actually tried eating an apple a day?SPORT VECTOR machine RELATING QUESTION? ; Where can I find research papers on physics?What is the difference between "sister concern" and subsidiary companies? ; What is the difference between a brand and company?Are you guys voting for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump? ; Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton? Why?Which is a better university for an MS in CS program: NYU Tandon or NYU GSAS? ; What are my chances at NYU (MS in CS)?How does the Philips AVENT Microwave Steam Sterilizer work? ; Why won't microwave work?What is Avatar: The Last Airbender about? ; What is the intro to Avatar: The Last Airbender?Could Donald Trump be a plant? ; Is Donald Trump a covert operative for the Clintons?How can I download video from youtube? ; How do I save videos from twitter?What is the rationale behind RBI's move to reduce the Repo-MSF-Reverse Repo spread from 100 basis points to 50 basis points? ; What is the difference between the repo rate and the MSF rate?How can I know that I am in love with my friend? ; How do I tell my best friend I'm in love with her?How can I remove [SPAM] tag from email subject on Gmail? ; How can I recover my emails from my Gmail account?What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Belize for the first time? ; What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Pakistan for the first time?Have there been female SEALs? ; Why are there no female Navy SEALs?How can I lose weight loss? ; How can I slowly lose weight?Why do I feel sleepy during the day? ; I feel sleepy all the day, what should I do?Does Spiderman ever die in the comic books? How? ; Why is the Green Goblin considered one of the strongest enemy of Spiderman in the comics?Who won the Vice Presidential debate between Tim Kaine and Mike Pence? ; Who won last night Mike Pence or Tim Kaine VP debate?How can I hack Clash of Clans for unlimited gems? ; How can I hack Clash of Clans?How can I become an affiliate marketer? ; What is an affiliate marketer? How do you become one?How can you become Amish? What are some stories of people who have become Amish? ; How can I become an Amish? What are pros and cons of becoming one?Music: What is the difference between 'Record of the Year' and 'Song of the Year' in the Grammy nominations? ; After how many years can one use the music of a Bollywood song to paste his own lyrivs on it?Is reservation necessary in jobs and other educational competitive exams in India? ; Is there any need for reservation in India?Is Texas racist? ; Is Canada secretly racist?Is it wrong to hit on your friend/acquaintance's girlfriend given that they are not really serious about the commitment? ; Is it wrong to share my girlfriend with my friend?What makes us happy? ; What makes us happy and why?Can a person survive on only eating sugar? If so, how long? ; If one knows he isn't going to eat for a long time, how long could he survive on feces and urine if he was well fed?I want to explore the Dark net. What should I know first? ; What are all the markets that exist on the dark net?How were characters developed on "The West Wing"? ; The West Wing (TV series): Did people like the character of Josh Lyman?How does it feel to be a cyber "coolie" guys? ; What is cyber security?What movie have you watched that changed your life? ; What movie have you watched that made you think it's life changing?How many years does it take to become a Senior Associate from Associate in CTS? ; How many years it take to become associate from PA in CTS?I've given my car to Packers and movers. How do I know if they have driven the car or taken it by carrier? ; How do you find numerical value?Is Hillary Clinton going to go to jail? ; Will Hillary Clinton go to jail?What are the pros of sweatshops? ; What are the social and economic effects of sweatshops?Psychology of Everyday Life: What are some of the greatest examples of absence of mind? ; How do I become a more interesting person?What is input tax credit and output tax credit? ; What is input tax?Do you think Kendrick Lamar is overrated? ; Why is kendrick lamar underrated?How can I get over somebody I really love? ; Why is it so hard to get over somebody?Why are most countries with mediterranean climate are the most developed? ; Is static stretching adviced for sprinters?How do I get back with my ex-girlfriend? ; Should I get back with my ex girlfriend?How do you delete an instagram account when you don't remember the password or username? ; How do I delete an Instagram account if I don't know the email or password?What is the difference between thunder and lightning? ; What causes thunder and lightning?Is World War 3 on the way with the US Elections? ; Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?How often do US high schools typically hold reunions? How are the reunions funded? ; How awkward is a ten year high school reunion?What are radio waves? What are some examples? ; What are radio waves?What is the worst experience you have ever had with a lawyer? ; What was the worst experience you've ever had with your teacher?How do you write a question on Quora? ; How do I write questions on Quora?What's the best way to save black money in light of ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? ; How do I replace the old 500 and 1000 rupee black money to new notes which is released by the RBI?Why can't the Indian government print as many currency notes it wishes and clear the fiscal deficit? For that matter why can't any country in the world do the same? ; Which metal is used to make coins in India?What history is taught in Turkey? ; How is history taught in Turkey - what are the key topics covered?How can I prepare myself for GSoC 2017 in three months? ; How should I prepare for GSoc 2017?How do I sign UCC 1-308 when signing a contract? ; Can my employer sue me if I never signed and employee contract? Why?How can I be a good software engineer? ; What is a good way to become a good software developer?Is it true that each Royal Enfield's tanks are handpainted? ; Are Royal Enfield Tanks hand painted?Was Rasputin really bad? ; Was Rasputin evil?What would life be after, tsunamis, earthquake and thunderstorms, volcanic eruptions occur simultaneously in different parts of the world? ; What is the difference (if any) between "isolated thunderstorms" and "scattered thunderstorms" in a weather forecast?How would someone start there own political party? ; What are tricks for writing essays and interviewing for private high schools?What is the first e-commerce website? ; What is your e-commerce website?How can I learn English with someone? ; How can I improve my English grammar?Why do electrons and protons attract each other? ; How/Why do electrons repulse each other?How can I install Bluestacks in Ubuntu? ; How do I install BlueStacks?Which is the best joke you have ever heard? ; What is the best joke ever heard?Is MIT good for CSE ( MTech)? ; Which is better for CSE: VIIT Pune or MIT Pune?What is the best espresso machine? ; What are some good commercial espresso machines for a coffee shop or restaurant?What is the difference between a basis point and pip? ; What is the difference between a basis point and a pip (percentage in point)?How advanced is India compared to other countries? ; Is India advanced in technology as compared to other developing countries?What is the next version of the Android OS after Lollipop? ; What Android version will come after Lollipop?How can I ask a supermarket owner to put an advertisement photo of my new product in the supermarket entrance? ; Do north Indians get adequate amount of protein in their normal daily diet?How do you wash thongs in a washing machine? ; How do you wash a pillow in a washing machine?Which one is better: HP Pavillion 15-au006tx or HP Pavillion 116tx? ; Which one is better: HP Pavillion 15-au006tx or HP Pavillion 15-au003tx?Why Modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes? ; Why is 500 and 1000 rupee notes discontinued?Are Spanish and Italian mutually intelligible? ; Are Spanish and Italian mutually or asymmetrically intelligible languages?Why is it taking so long for Pokémon GO to be available in India? ; What is it taking so long for Pokemon Go to release in India?What is the pulse code modulation? ; What is pulse code modulation?Should India change its name to Bharat/Hindustan? ; How do I legally change my name in India? How long it will take to get a new name?What are Bunsen burners? ; Can anyone get Bunsen burners?I've heard many people say "Obama has destroyed this country." but they never explain what they mean by that. What do they mean? ; I have heard people say PPE is the last line of defence. What does this mean?In terms of dollar value, just how many cars were destroyed in the Dominic/Deckard head-on collision in Fast & Furious 7? ; Do crazy car heists like in Fast and the Furious 7 happen in real life too? If so, how come we never hear about them?What are your views on Narendra Modi's speech addressing the joint session of USA Congress? ; Who writes Modi's speeches?Can you screenshot someone's profile pic on WhatsApp, without them finding out? ; Does someone know when you view them on WhatsApp?Has anyone try the Silverline River Cruise at Budapest? What do you think about it? ; Has anyone tried the world's most expensive tea? What's so special about it?How can I speak English like natives? ; How can I speak fluent english and get confident?Which is the institute giving Citrix training? ; What is the best accounting course to take now?What are examples of teleology? ; What's an example of a paradox?What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Armenia for the first time? ; What are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in Brazil for the first time?How do covert narcissists abuse their partners? ; What are some tips for negotiating with a covert narcissist?When is the CA-CPT exam held? ; How can I prepare for CA CPT?What is the main function of the rough endoplasmic reticulum? ; What are the functions of the rough endoplasmic reticulum in plant cells?Are playing the drums challenging? ; Are the drums the most difficult instrument to play?How can I do business with this? ; How can I do business?Do employees at Albany International have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments? ; Do employees at Service Corporation International have a good work-life balance? Does this differ across positions and departments?I spat on my girlfriend drunk, she had cheated on me a few days before and we stated talking and she had an attitude and pixxed me off. What is worst? ; China top scenic region?Which language should I learn by myself first: Russian or Spanish? ; Should I learn Russian or Spanish?What are the signs that a guy has feelings for you or has a crush on you, but doesn't want to show it, so he hides it? ; What are the signs when a guy loves you but he's trying to hide it?Is first time sex painful to females? ; Does sex always hurt the first time?What is the difference between U and U/A certified films? ; What is the difference between watching film in the cinema or at home?Whom does a woman love most - husband or her child? ; Whom does a woman love most? Husband or father?What is static variable in Java? ; What does "static' keyword do in Java?What is the Sunni Muslim view on the 12 Imams of Shia? ; Are most American Muslims Sunni or Shias? How can I tell?How can I study medical in USA after 12th in India? ; How do I study in canada after 10+2 medical study from india?What is the difference between an ideal gas and a real gas? ; Is nitrogen an ideal gas? Why or why not?How much do actors get paid to be in embarrassing commercials? ; Learn affiliate marketing?Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Mamry? ; Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to lake Vanem?What universities does CST Brands recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for? ; What universities does Spectrum Brands recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?What is the use of public activity on GitHub? Is there anyway to hide it? ; Is there anyway to hide the public activity on GitHub? What is its use?Will the 2016 MacBook Pro be released in the September release? ; When will Apple release the new MacBook Pro in 2016?What is the hardest musical instrument? ; What is the hardest musical instrument to play?Why are bells placed in temples? ; What is the significance of bells in Hindu temples?What do you most like about being a man? ; What do you like most about being a man?How do I study well without getting distracted? ; How do I study online without getting distracted or sidetracked?How do you negotiate with a designer? ; What is the best way to negotiate?What are some good books on cell physiology? ; What is the best book on renal physiology?Transsexuality: What would be some advantages to starting MtF HRT at age 21? ; Who is a good anti-aging doctor in the greater Sydney area knowledgeable and helpful in HRT?What are the five worst movies ever made? ; What are the worst movies ever made?How do I come out to my family and friends? ; How do I come out to my friends?How was your first masturbation experience? When was it? ; How was your first masturbation experience?Applied for a passport but while I was paying fee the portal stopped restraining me from making the payment. When will the pending status go away? ; I completed the police verification, but the status shows pending. How many days do I have to wait for my passport?Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued? ; What do you think of the decision by the Indian Government to replace 1000 notes with 2000 notes?How do I stop a CSS layout from distorting when zooming in/out using a browser? ; What are the different types of css layouts?Is a world war going to happen? ; Can World War 3 ever take place?Early elizabethan dramalists? ; What do Muslims think of pig slaughter?What was it like flying first class in the 1990s? ; What is it like flying first class?How would you order these four cities (Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Pune) for living (considering climate, people, food, future growth, safety, cost of living, etc.)? ; What is the cost of living in Europe and the US compared with Indian cities like Chennai and Bangalore?Stphen william hawking? ; What are the differences between SM, YG and JYP auditions? Are the other entertainment companies also different in their auditioning system?Mathematical Puzzles: What is () + () + () = 30 using 1,3,5,7,9,11,13,15? ; What are the steps to solve this equation: [math]\frac{x}{x-5} + \frac{3}{2x-10} - \frac{1-x}{6x-30} + \frac{7}{15-3x} =1[/math]?Is IMS noida good for BCA? ; How good is IMS Noida for studying BCA?What are the most respected and informative textbooks for studying undergraduate-level organic chemistry? ; What are Caltech's required and recommended textbooks for undergraduate organic chemistry courses?